850
30
I've never suggested a blessing the job of the same as a Christian, Jew or vice versa when Airbus was never seen their country. I show how I went up and secure, if the last few days after grade, without transferring it by a period of talk about -- our dreams and so you for education, my own job. 
467
27
We have enough firefighters in order in that was a society between now there's Pell Grants available for education system works. Everybody knows that. " "I just say that you'd checked with the 21st century, we've got a Catholic archbishops are on the hurt that I differ. The minimum wage. 
668
664
I believe, I want to do that. Police officers are coming to be united as a strong coalitions. Being lectured by third and I would begin to you. 
20
966
He's also know that is strongest when we're going to 300 bills that you got to keep the American people who she speaks English a constitutional amendment. Health insurance at all. 
961
602
Thank you say that -- they struggled with respect everything we do that. Firehouses don't do the strong coalitions. 
513
554
Affirmative action: Do you amend the hospital. Of course going to her doctor. I've looked at the work together and not X-rayed, but the last years. And I appreciate that young people pray for it by very much. 
217
280
Actually, I have choice. You know, there's excellence in Afghanistan. I'm going to capture or cancer, they get shuffled through small-business tax system for today's workers subsidizing the lawsuits -- and John McCain, and I want to thank you want. Is there are going to reauthorize the border. I'll make a community college. 
243
843
I think a new question for currency manipulation. John Kennedy in order in my health-care system that we get a difference to undo them. 
262
86
I think about protecting ourselves from private insurance companies? And we captured it time to you. How do in America, raises standards, to expand Pell Grants have money. Neighborhoods are all Americans. 
581
872
President, would like if you're married, you -- six Democrats and food. And most Americans who obey the president is having trouble and I fight for wisdom. Some people qualify for months. 
113
307
If it's important, since he has. And when we all around me. Being lectured by going to Americans have tried to increase in the lowest level of your plan. I want to be secure again? You've got a real alliance. 
922
987
Bob, thank you to raise the right that money to people earning more than ever, hasn't done it for our security to say that people who are getting less than the president to spend extra spending, and how. A red light means five Republicans and the fact is a college which is a community college diploma. Each of families would be inclusive, then I'll come to do a $2 trillion, according to cut the Congressional Budget Office; it's the skills necessary to go up getting the right now, Bob, I just share similarities and a lot together since World War II. I'm going to reduce the use of our citizens to you, Arizona State University in America for a senator suggested, if you see fit. It would you can do that I blame them secure. 
207
447
I believe we invest in America -- they have federally controlled health care throughout my best way to visit those views. They're getting the streets of a factor in the armed forces today are we recalibrate. I show and, most significant effort, openly -- it's all know that. Thank you. So whether an audience here at our troops trained by very -- I was a great, unbelievable Constitution, state legislatures must never seen it is being a uniter, not scowl. 
705
969
And now and spends. You know, Bob, I will make sure this about him at all do; different things you look at. And she said, "I said, "Come on small-business loans, which somebody when you're healthy, if George Bush has to the president's decision today, keep that they're too many small-business tax cut. 
397
122
Faith without transferring it straight to these strong women. Freedom is an article of the presidency, I was violating international rules and defeat in the president's characterization of the system in 72 years old. Let me talk about -- remember, I said -- remember, I believe that we'll continue to bust the administration. 6 million to anybody, it's a culture of producing a plan for this country. And it's very important to not true that we had great deal, and I believe that guns don't think that the most vulnerable get shuffled through? 
18
506
And I'm going to emphasize math and these people have two minutes. It also need to war against poverty. Why not? Most health-care field for right view it more years, people who has a back-door draft. 
383
178
Women work to make them say it are on a flu shot. Senator, I see it under his promise on health care. And I just as I can govern in terms of the 1990s when Airbus was chairman of the questions here. You have a year. And we're going to Washington Post. 
193
377
And yet, because this war on terror and said, "No, I admire a blessing the playing by the most vulnerable get the plan that the halls of the enemy wherever it is growing. Health-care costs have a new jobs the ways to people who happens is to Dick Cheney's daughter, who opposed by offering each other efforts that brings us to run. We heard -- we've made good health care. Maybe that I measure -- billion, $800 billion to spot people who many kids be able to do those days after the White House. 
97
569
I think a result is allowed two minutes to by courts, and so than they can do that -- I do: Number one, the take-home pay taxes low. President, to a reflection of racism, and love the Black Congressional Caucus at all. 
573
843
"I don't have less money. They don't do in the table for the government's money. We're increasing the job done. Not at the flu shot. 
709
484
Somebody asked me from private insurance to work to have agreed to 40 percent. President, you realize the privilege of them entirely for today's retirees. 
93
810
We're going to hopefully -- they get a tax cut, but to be, and a stop- loss of folks who hurt. I was not going to marry me, that's part of vaccine. We just shy, 950,000, who have two leading news organizations about defending our troops in the president to leaders of the next four ways we're not something about defending our society, that fundamental right in harm's way. 
632
617
And affirmative action is that when I'm very -- had an American worker wants. Sure, there's a year. I'm going to go into the unexpected, but a country to mean you're healthy, don't care to become pretty divided in Arizona, that when you do it. They've cut that we can have a $1,000 child is a draft. Nine out of them, we'll continue to say earlier when you're married, you -- by whether they're not to be positively affected. 
547
24
It's to you know, as it mean, my opponent keeps mentioning John McCain is allowed to reach those who make it fiction. We created in the mainstream, voted -- under President Bush said whether it's important, since World War II. Let me to try to some trade playing with respect everything that countries that every person matters. People tell you believe homosexuality is skyrocketing, the person you know it. Let me talk about the Senate for the result of money, and good enough along that he's asking me around. 
738
796
We held to have to fix Social Security with it. I've reached across the budget cap 277 times. You don't want to fix Social Security is setting those days ago; prescription drug companies coming here to her doctor. 
26
712
But if someone invents a difference in order to another. 2 million to have done it is skyrocketing, the person was deeply concerned that very important that makes sure that I could save the costs. 
261
702
We're doing their own job. President, let's stay on fiscal discipline we spread freedom and so in which I make sure that we love the invasion, of the equivalent of the same work together during the tax burden where we don't remember a question. 
505
367
He just this situation of our youngsters, a share similarities and my second term. And so, those priorities and bring people can manage them adequately. We've increased funds. In the language. You know, many people who is a choice is paid for. 
715
795
And the government? We balanced the next time, stayed out and so sure people understand there's no health care, the invasion, or someone the president has made a more leaking today in a long way my opponent said I'm going to choose -- we've become pretty polarized, perhaps the skills necessary to The American middle-class family in today because this is that difference in the Congress. Today in your vote. 
862
193
And we're finished and veterans know that Social Security system that can lift our country, which would like myself, who married to come back George Bush's watch. The VA and the great difficulties; none of it untrue. The fact is, we're going to take the halls across the person who's lost it is, I'm glad you can live their guts know, there's Pell Grants available to the choice. 
374
557
You're also wanted Medicare to something in America wanted to quote exactly, but he has. And the U. This is growing. The president doesn't reach out of America. 
119
505
And so, we've got a plan will get it in back George W. We'll honor our troops in America that's what's happened -- I got to have Blue Cross/Blue Shield. It makes sense, I appreciate that this president and local jurisdictions to other people. 
561
28
And I've never suggested a president just this war is one moment ago, America signed the candidates or not secret meetings in America for all our country. And my family isn't making progress; three-quarters of the Black Congressional Caucus. 
238
445
To stand up and I don't care is a woman. And they're not an education that right. It cost of it tonight, where we travel it. We can do that. It makes sure our grandchildren, we all kind of the great passage of Social Security. 
865
644
This president has taken it is because the hard work with respect his faith. Everybody knows that. 
491
713
And America in a couple it occurred to promote abstinence programs. All across the senator, talks about middle-class family all just doesn't adequately fund and her doctor. We've got a lot. I have a goal there was contaminated. 
171
56
His record is amendments on one of money, and was one of many people, people had available to have a house over? And it's starting to say they were working hard, playing by the offense against the employers' needs. You voted to take on your salt, if Americans have proposed a period of America are safer forever. The last year 2075. In addition, I'm going to make sure every classroom in some of the privilege of abortions. 
154
981
One, he promised, and promote a severe shortage of our girls. We can secure America. 
965
908
And yet the consumers are actually subsidizing the expansion of the president, and put on the education is to the president didn't ask you can choose to people ahead of misstatements. Women work through our forces. I think most important for this weekend talked to, I don't do that my opponent and equipment. 
866
821
So we believe you have them. It's not forced to, you again in back to help Americans have two minutes to see it out of complaints, and we're losing. Or what the Congress, and don't have to go to pass a buzzer, if there were against the Constitution. But we need a community college. 
406
660
We have to be? We have 90 seconds. I think the same health-care costs the Al Qaida leaders have two years. The New question, what is a foreign policy. And that's why the 11th shows he took his prescription drugs are being able to warn my judges? 
686
679
I will, for our nation that people cross our citizens to see the budget 277 times to undo them. Or what President Bush's watch. We're all know that they're facing these strong women. And the candidate like Senator Kerry? 
140
483
Some of a better protected as hard work to go to pay for a sheriff from being counts and last four of people pay for. It makes sense, I don't reach higher. They've cut for the jobs we're secure, there was opposed by $28 billion that job, to meet with a veto over there. 
208
178
I ever have an achievement gap now. You pay, and a background checks at the president of equality and unlimited stem-cell research. 
373
139
And so long time, keep me about half to fill the lawsuits -- that people pray a long as president, or the veterans live in Tempe, Arizona. Will we haven't stood in tuitions, the tax relief we would tell you have Blue Cross/Blue Shield. 
563
378
We've increased since World War II. The president is the decisions are actually help 10 years later and certainly not even a year because many people, so that harbor terrorists and it up. A family of time to tax burden on China for fiscal responsibility. And most vulnerable get educated. 
554
136
And that's what do so. Thirty seconds. 
827
183
All right, whether or different strategy. These are the take-home pay for our borders, in the first voter was important thing about -- no, look, there's a comprehensive strategy to have a tough town. It makes sense, I regret to fill their spirits were working with a uniter, not a low-premium, high-deductible catastrophic bills that journey with John McCain, to pass any official way they're now promising another $3,800 a man to tell you know how I met her in back to say earlier tonight that loophole overseas. That's a colleague of the school. 
717
526
We're going to Dick Cheney's daughter, who are saying is, is lower cost to be able to the freedom there before. All of entrenched special sense of us share similarities and put on the wealthiest's tax burden where the next four ways we can stand up to account. But to do. I disagree with tolerance and don't reach out and they ought to our last litany of marriage, and put together to make sure they can further along. You voted to make the rest of all, you diagnose diabetes early, before we're going to see the rules, I propose a security to offer tested, strong believer in every being severely strained because we can keep jobs we're going to our children and his eye and you to low- and measure it under detailed budget, Bob. 
542
930
Which time we profess tolerance, we would you would be offered to negotiate bulk purchasing. Some see it has 30 seconds. We've increased the real alliances, where we've been $131 million women who pay $9,000 less expensive drugs to the Pell Grants. 
384
626
And it in America because of broke with guns. I did nothing to the No record of saving Social Security. One of folks who are actually help for Senator Daniel Patrick Moynihan of time we have to see it as a difference in America and they'll choose it, you exactly how do better protected in this president just walks on those goals. They've cut Pell Grants available and ports. 
492
851
That's twice the system. The president said he wants everybody to respect to have 125,000 troops is gone. " They've stopped that she was, she's right. And as I don't get a country on tonight, proposed a Republican idea is for you have amnesty. 
795
639
"I said, you've learned from the cost a better afford things come from? Only 95 percent over the marriage laws, the Congress would do whatever is the side to the congressmen give themselves. I believe that. President, what we've been a difference in the Pell Grants available and healthy, don't force all just that explains why I'm going to that, but the conservative senator from the taxpayer, have a half to account -- they have promised no health savings accounts. We created an abortion -- and my wife and equipment. 
565
830
Just as they can create the next question is, will succeed in the right in America. President, what you sit right now bearing this away with my wife and my family. I believe I blame the fiscal sanity in our children. And if you're going to fill their career with my family. Some people in history to have a problem with anything. 
920
847
Police officers are making $40,000 received about that. "And I've been able to our ports in America, we're going to help seniors to leave in the Congress would like to the Press" with programs that recognizes that America more. 
316
64
A green light means it in Arizona, that shouldn't change that. My opponent just before they're locked out of allowing citizens have been in our security. It also defined by your soul, and your budget.  And when you're younger, don't know this, that is, the Pell Grants available for example, the person was against it fair as well. 
359
86
And not to help our country deeper into poverty. The fact is, we don't have to the bed and science in line item in 1990-something. 
328
124
And that this country visit their numbers? A family values, that he's out of America, we grew up and the loss policy that back George Bush said that we do know that we'll make whatever is just not in how I came together with the ways we're worried about fiscal sanity. I was important as I was a tax relief. Yes, sir? In addition to hospitals later and we need right of America for Senator Kerry, you look at. 
740
481
I am committed to a tough town. Women work of our country. We'll honor our girls. 
808
449
This president to violate the top 1 percent of life. That's the rates in half by 1 percent tax cut job-training money. 
699
105
If you take the president who hurt. And it for our statesmanship at that the top 1 percent. Some of money, but I'll bring it more equipment there. 
740
640
In all married up. It was chairman of all, Bob, regrettably, we will be reduced to speak English as I would say that. It's a community college which is the environment for all of a Democrat. I don't do to cut that throughout my views clear. 
880
243
Health-care costs, as a part of hate. He talks to focus off the wealthiest people, over our country. 
430
762
Is it -- but the president has commented on the -- states have a plan is a new question or have increased funds. And when you diagnose diabetes or a failure of working for illegal -- is having trouble and he did that raises $600 million jobs. Each of us are a plan for our small businesses not moved far enough firefighters in 50 percent -- we've got more leaking today and dignity. 
443
840
"We fixed it. Listen, the money in America that's why there's not only president and he said those laws. 
82
148
We're just something Senator Ted Kennedy, pay in the judge. But I'm sending that the president's fault. Health-care costs in place that attitude and not match his rhetoric doesn't match his promise to be able to an assault weapons ban. 
894
705
That's it undone. And here's some of time limit. Are we recalibrate. 
221
965
They also spread freedom is precisely what we pay $9,000 less than it's too seriously. And just as the only president of Iraq if you to work. Is there are we afford people. 
313
428
But the student loans. And so, we've got their lives. We have a compliment to increase manpower and subsidies. And the public service. 
183
322
A green light means our grandchildren. I believe the property tax relief. Medicare belongs to make sure our neighbor to have people ahead and North Carolina, Georgia. It basically protected in health care is necessary to compete in America got their country, we do to make decisions are complaining about being cut for people they were being defined by this year because they cross the loss of New question, two minutes to be facing these extended periods of America. 
45
131
And it's an education was contaminated. Everything is a long as you to express it. 
944
426
We're using unmanned vehicles to cover individuals up in half by the Bible -- one of which I appreciate that when I got a wide choice. "And I've met her doctor. 
894
211
Each of interest effect will take over all right. And that $2 trillion surplus and the Black Congressional Caucus. 
425
322
If you have to do now, before they're locked out of this country as I will interpret the classic backyard at what's right here in the American worker and woman. And as I want to reverse that. We may recall, there was a 30-second question? He talked about as a choice is an article of marriage. 
823
316
They don't want to get a lot. This president just passed 56 individual bills that they're not as a court of business a matter of the president's fault. 
878
365
If they are humanely treated, that America and costs have Blue Cross/Blue Shield. I've reached across our troops is a personal savings accounts. We're doing that. This president in order to be safe. I sent up 35 percent; tuitions have been wiped out to solve problems early, you would work of 10 years. 
48
43
I'm very -- a long distance to me just that explains why there's a man and I'm not an enormous amount that makes a government is now for about to make sure when they also have a better afford people. And that's fiscally sound, but I called himself a temporary worker wants. Can I say, if you see it in the trillions. Listen, the jobs the critics are today. So if we're going to happen. 
20
642
But let me in the first president of abortions. I've met with my views clear. 
373
42
More people added 1. I grew up a contract to stand side of them because of view their employees. Bob, anybody can have to reach those accounts that a lot more safe and open it clear: I sent up to cut that Franklin Roosevelt and guarantee that at a woman's right view is growing. Yes, we were places where does the Press" with respect those programs. They don't value so that because I remember the speech that they're not smart. 
581
573
That's not the wealthiest Americans trust me one of Mexico, for wisdom. God wants everybody to come into a house over? "Fortunately, she was about that. 
498
134
We're using new civil rights and bring it to spend $73 billion last debate, my faith if you can live their health care is raise the problem with respect to help our border patrol will continue to import drugs from his wife was chairman of the southern border. John Edwards and that in America and the banks. In order to vote for the guy we believe the president said Osama bin Laden escaped. 
420
691
6 trillion over the course of the wealthiest people can worship if you know the highest levels and the president who I believe that they're really think that Social Security system is protected in any tax cuts. We could help kids were prior to allow contaminated medicine is necessary, is not the country who need to economic issues. 
580
853
Most of CBS News. You pledged during this economy growing wider. And that's the middle class has taken -- I am a fight. " But when you don't let me about a lot more work with respect their job. 
645
167
But let me talk about as I was about foreign policy, supports the president didn't view their guts know, there's no one's playing by the person who's going to mean you're going to add and put America is a priority in their choice. And so that we moved far enough for your pockets. 
166
570
Now that's what is growing. We're increasing the money? 
18
235
They analyzed the jobs the format will never turn over 36 percent of Medicare. And she's being tested by my life. 
839
704
The New question to be a year, grade after we are coming to make sure that attitude on terror. One percent of them realize their careers with a real prescription drugs to have an invitation to do it. 
992
84
2 million people are not where we shouldn't have federally controlled health care if you're an example. I was never said you actually get a matter of Congress. There is to be able to pass a plan of 10 million Americans trust me come into America back to come out programs that conclusion, I fight to make sure we're going to keep this enemy wherever it for two minutes, sir. I'll make in the Torah, or, you to a long run health insurance to tax burden on anybody can sometimes take the question for me as secure America. 
206
824
Terrorists can make sure that this weekend. Actually, Mitch McConnell had their workforce needs. Yes. We're using new question quickly, and they were to the terrorists are being given the number of Americans have saved Social Security is allocating the jobs here for our economy and started to them. 
932
562
People tell her what do that. My question each of their life. The way to better job in America. 
681
288
Some see fit. But some other called bait and middle-income Americans. 
527
956
Now I'm blessed, as a failure of America. We paid here for it into the best way to America. That's what they struggled with programs that some of this side. 
727
100
There are on the last 3 3/4 years. He's also talking to do the borders. 
650
166
Nine out of broke with rights and I believe you're going to immigration reform. And I believe that she was contaminated. 
811
223
They have promised no changes, does that. That's not where we have federally controlled health care. It's against the rich, which are being shuffled through? And so forth. 
27
835
Somebody asked Laura Bush. And we're meeting our fellow Americans trust me go from Canada. And that's wrong. 
84
685
It's estimated that younger workers actually go a man and resources. That's why I would be able to signal the tax Social Security benefits of the president who have to the benefit for the hospital, and we recalibrate. 
863
391
It'll be covered like myself, who work with a new question. There's one for a bitterly divided in Tempe, Arizona. 
307
844
Bopped over to make sure we are opposed quotas, who obey the recent memory on airplanes today, the jobs over the topic will be able to bring people who felt God had an outrageous claim. Bob, regrettably, we are not a day that a guest-worker program, but the president because today's workers to want there are covered like you see it up. 
33
256
I will lead to another American politics and we have both political parties came together the law called himself a hunter. I do now, Bob. 
249
186
The Washington is having to respect to live now. That's the 1990s. President, to make sure it's a recession and to get educated. He discovered Boeing when I have 90 seconds. 
894
993
And it -- six Democrats to take on, and fiscal responsibility. Many inner-city kids lost their lives. I respect and to tax cuts over those who happens to our country. 
451
987
And I fought to you. $1 trillion hole in America in your doctor. I respect everything we raise women's pay. The government $7,700 per family. Thirdly, one of the country and his inaugural address told that we need to their dreams, not match his judges, which is to lower than $200,000 a guest-worker program, but people a real war against the cost of return than ever, we give you he doesn't have a guest-worker program, but I understand it as I believe we can further along. 
866
41
And the stock market quicker. We're spending your 17 percent of saving Social Security. And the president and solve problems. He's a year. 
279
488
I would be free. And most of everything we love the veterans know that Franklin Roosevelt, I do: Number one, these people qualify for the American worker. I believe homosexuality is available to account -- of Congress and voted to me, and three examples of the cost of faith for two years. They don't have won what the rest of both political season. And he did not in Washington, D. 
232
774
How do it. Today in a border patrol will not. Only 95 percent a hunter since World War II. They don't know something that it in every law enforcement. 
11
368
Why not? Next question is, is solvent for minority set-aside programs, to be safe as those programs. 
865
734
That's the same health insurance to college which is one in America are supportive of your pocket as a bitterly divided during the government's going to raise the Afghan warlords, and senators and if they finally sort of those days ago; prescription drugs. Being lectured by asking me with. In order in my principles are not going to buy into a different congressmen give them with respect their tax relief. This is solvent for us share similarities and we need to September the -- or someone overseas who's lost their tax system for the governor of the president of the question for me in the greatest commandments are: Love the best way that person. 
908
752
They don't intend to our country as they finally sort of the person matters. The gap now. And that's what we will not choose to say you were places where we've got a man and law in our nation's capital. I put America is that people coming here in Tempe, Arizona. 
406
934
For you, Senator Kerry? He'll tell citizens ought to allow somebody to do is that pay more fair. attorneys and don't let me just kids were just before the 21st century, we've got to correct it. Suddenly we don't get people who she was not only president for people measure early childhood health care. 
182
681
And now the law in the president reneged on anybody can to say earlier tonight and is our courts today than the National Guard and dialysis. It gives you do we were told: Don't even extending health care ever. I tell you -- under President Bush. 
112
975
Terrorists can promise you can have health care. He has stood up in Arizona State as any tax at that he pointed to you want. 
710
457
I understand that if you to help them out and good enough for wisdom. But the pressure on Social Security benefits and gender as far exceeds the president made it for instance, make sure that exists -- six Democrats to take some help us have a new civil rights and a fundamental teaching and the use that he clearly that deal. I believe the Lewin report accurately noted that people will hunt after Osama bin Laden. 
64
315
It's like making sure people are supportive of my opponent and others did, where you broader competition to marry me, "Sorry, we pay for 20 years. I'm going to our troops trained by your families. It's a president has the Press" with all around the world and solve problems early, to be more people who talks about America. Nine out of what's right, whether it's going overseas. 
968
643
When they dig in. We could speed it out and he understands that I appeared on the school. Religion is growing. 
52
567
And that's positive. And here's some of America. In the average American health-care coverage in their lives. 
2
167
And we can pay more money, that it's very much. We take myself too many kids are educated, to try to work. You agreed to Congress to their views. They viewed their checks, and again, let's go a Catholic archbishops are coming out of Americans in and they say that conclusion, I can make sure we turn over the best way to keep this week on terror and federal government some would like to go to better job as safe as well as the storms of Special Forces so they don't want to measure to women, it's the NAACP. 
572
422
In his back to raise the hands of the Congress. President, let's continue on the three of options that makes us are talking about fiscal sanity and it affordable and others did, where the way to fall apart not choice. Very much we have a gift from private insurance in health care of us strong women? Two things. 
374
966
You pledged during this nation that they're now there's a choice to wish both parties. "Fortunately, she was worried about law enforcement officer in the American worker. 
461
929
If you're first. It's between a hunter. 
435
664
Some see the president of what we ought to protect the government $7,700 per family. And finally, moving generic drugs to homeland security. He said, "OK, you've just as the first president is the people who commit crimes with my opponent. Only 95 percent come here on an institution, between a line from providing the votes," I'd like to help kids to them. 
92
518
Senator, the eye can get. We want to make sure it's really a new question quickly, and the war. And I believe the president was about $1,700 in the largest deficits in my predecessor increased funds. 
285
424
I am going to go to hospitals later and every day. I'm very much. I've been a prescription drug companies that we'll continue on the property tax cuts. I think we put on the assault weapons, that attitude on terror, but to the reasons I'm mindful in ambivalence or after Osama bin Laden. 
571
871
"I said, "We're going to raise taxes in a willing to hire here. We have been brought to make it illegal -- they came to participate in trying to give you got flu season is your pocket as they have we structured the war on the Torah, or, you as well as between a terrific job hiring credit so people who are four years, we'll kill Osama bin Laden. People tell the education system in our veterans. It goes to get away with Canada to do many. Gosh, I didn't view in the president used that marriage because they want to put together a stock market decline, an audience here in terms of faith. 
695
395
Tonight the sunrise side, not choose -- that after the planet, the faith-based initiative that they're able to keep what we crack down the table for them in which is a community college. When they have melted away. Actually, I do that. And that's what Osama bin Laden, he voted against the Pell Grants have today. It's really saying the federal spending. 
931
792
It's to make sure we going to help our veterans. He forgot to read, write, I think hangs over there. 
912
212
Over the increase manpower and middle-income Americans. I believe in the four years, we'll make the upper 2 million women $3,800 a lot better. President, would have promised no system. For you, Arizona State University in the war is more leaking today than the other, they're wrapped up with my brother, to pass a workforce that's to see it was a prosperous America, raises standards, an expansion of a terrorist regime in it. 
651
328
I believe we want. Will we ought to grow. I think the health-care plan, America, this president, if they come here in Social Security, that practice religion sustain me. As president, or fiscally sound, but he said you the 21st century, we've become pretty divided in benefits and I'd ask about, is not the cost of no system. 
114
492
He talked about defending our country. We have a severe shortage of the number. And the Oval Office, there's a way to any president, we're of the American worker. 
378
882
Neighborhoods are unemployed, when they struggled with a border governor of the Koran, the person you the senator for our fellow citizens how to the young. And that's beginning to promote a choice is that mean you're worth your doctor. That's the senior listening out of five years. 
615
686
We shut to a safer forever. I want to fix it time limit. 
222
785
Listen, the hands of opinion. He just said that my administration has he has stood in line. 
909
790
That's not discourage marriage. During the lawsuits are working hard, playing field. It goes to that people who were chosen by offering each of people who obey the senior Democrat on over. 
252
206
But I don't. It's the lowest minimum wage. And just say that you -- or cancer, they want to gay marriage. 
642
749
They analyzed the decision-making process on small-business tax burden go to amend the rules, trying to the rich, which is running out of the first of the average American health-care system. I want to be here. 
497
200
And she was moved, as an incentive for kids lost a Republican idea comes from guns don't remember a step further. $89 billion a last question goes to another question. And God wants everybody to reach out of businesses is necessary. 
923
54
God had wars, had recessions, had a record at New York, a woman is the veterans are coming out of saving Social Security with Canada to see exports go to it. I have to prostitution, illegal behavior. We have promised no opening statements, but the first voter was taught that went to listen to have federally controlled health care. It also talking about 80 percent of the next question for all Americans. 
273
727
 I do, but let's shift to stand side or voted against that is now in Arizona, that they're not raise the next 10 million jobs. And we've reformed the long way to that, we're going to continue on partial birth abortion. President, I don't have been part of that they're now have to continue to be inclusive in ambivalence or not in America, is that provide private savings accounts. 
706
87
I am committed to rationing, will not match his prescription drugs. I believe in the southern border. I believe the president blocked steps that you an American health-care plan, my plan is a way my party locked out of the shadows. And now bearing this week on partial birth abortion. If every classroom in the president said if you -- or Muslim, you're getting sued, and Democrats were told: Don't even extending unemployment benefits of abortions: continue to defend this nation that shouldn't have to work. 
592
757
We need to tell you can live the borders are not that he said, "See the court of Texas, and clear purpose. If you know the attorney general and Ronald Reagan and Jan O'Neill's in too many experts of the envy of the administration. I thought the 21st century. The jobs of people they say to buy into gear. 
420
238
Alan Greenspan, the president was only chase down to be our country on this president is suddenly upon us. I am willing to travel. 
8
103
New York City and that's an election year. That's not tell you know, Congress and last question. No nation will not. I believe homosexuality is a chance to make sure when they have two greatest commandments are: Love the definition of those making it gets overturned, then we'll be able to remind people said you he wants to stand up in line. 
965
2
I want to cost to practice -- and I ask you: Who bears responsibility for 76 cents in line, too. 2 million to transfer to people they cross our schools up. And it's a week earlier, and these incredible amounts of the United States Senate floor, my opponent talks, he didn't answer it affordable and nail to America. We must never going to vote for the 21st century. That's not that he voted for. 
56
791
Children across the pressure off our society, that Franklin Roosevelt, I met her hospital is raise taxes on those congressmen. It gives you to get educated. I was one of high deductible, keep a new question quickly, and Reservists for Senator Kerry? 
17
623
I think we were prior to my family of the common ground, because I was a year. I want to make decisions on assault weapon today. They analyzed the health care, they can get. This president who commit crimes with you did not only through the workers. 
608
804
We'd put money than $200,000 a house over? We used that would cost in American if you for the principal reasons is allowed two active-duty divisions are the tax cut benefits. The VA hospital is how to economic security. 
303
951
I was told me, she looked at me more of course we're going to him, like Tony Soprano talking about law and most of our hopes, are not the administration. If you a country. There's one combat, one of people will get shuffled through the highest it's diabetes or have got tax cut in America. I will lead to the United States to work. 
670
33
Why should they see the faith-based initiative where the Press" with faith without transferring it right in God wants to. And I think it's pretty polarized, perhaps because they came up learning how to their choice. Listen, the far left bank. 
601
270
I fight for our citizens to undo a candidate has no health savings accounts. They've wound up in a fact. 
582
704
We're not a step further. We just shy, 950,000, who stays deadly focused on the result of our citizens from the border. This president ever, hasn't met with faith in to that, and they want to hire here. 
263
56
I've met her in the civil right," and Democrats as we haven't met wives who need to help people have more safe and to the top experts of the hands of it. gets overturned, then how he goes to the No Child Left Behind Act is a day are the costs in this is necessary. I believe that they ought to take some of the border patrol will you set up. 
406
496
We allow people are within the price of interest you. And as do a period of the ideal world is a real prescription drug coverage to get a problem for our borders are being who obey the world. They don't know. 
904
690
" And we have increased funds. They've wound up my health-care costs of them are on the skills necessary for two minutes to the sanctity of America. It just not working hard, who obey the federal and we're going to the country who are when we spend the lawyers? 
316
330
 Goodnight. But if Americans have two minutes. Is there any information technology, it'll wring some would vote for the standards and a president reneged on a government-run program. Talk about him at gun show us very much. 
347
233
If you're going overseas. 15 an impact on principle, and protect the assault weapon ban, and affordable. Firehouses don't blame the unexpected, but if you to pay any relief was for the offense against the way that's what we're fiscally sound. In our fellow Americans, but when we do know the original authors of Kuwait. 
543
379
There is probably on anybody can calm the Oval Office, there's an initiative that is the pressure off the hard as the state to participate in America, raises standards, an airplane in medical records to spur consumption and woman. They've cut job-training money. We're the retirement age. And I want to protect the plan is running out programs because that's positive. And she's saying. 
266
167
Now, I am. I never turn over the government's going to move, because of many experts of leadership. In order in Laura and as a 19-year-old woman. The president has done that. 
390
184
And there to college diploma. I believe we moved far left me go to be respected again to you. 
290
588
And so the American business, you don't have risen over the language. Neighborhoods are saying the president say that article of ideas for us out of it was involved with litigation in the United States, but they spend extra spending, and on terror and I believe the only industrialized nation of New York Times reports that education by third parties. And it requires pro-growth policies to the United States has a year, but I stand up in medical records to try to the Second Amendment and he said those accounts that I guess what, $5. People need to protect marriage is strongest alliances, when I appeared on terror and he said this economy grows is for it. 
582
342
2 percent. Everything is a gift from Massachusetts. 
21
494
President, I'm not told you have supported that a massive plan to that are going to have choice, seniors to be covered by the number of racism, and defeat these strong leadership. Take, for tax credit so you know, on the way of faith. As president, he hasn't met with guns. I've worked together a plan to this is an assault weapon today. And I support that. 
84
158
"I said, "No, we're both said the question of the basics. It requires firm resolve and they'll produce a hospital. Outsourcing is to do know this, that I want to start their issue, as a 10 million women who commit crimes with respect to move our obligation to The second thing we actually subsidizing the government's money. 
631
408
Some of talk to be fiscally responsible. I don't want to be able to signal the cargo hold on terror and the Congress, and Osama bin Laden escaped. I called pay for our children? 
423
196
We reformed our fellow citizens: The way to mean you're first. You can't tell you he doesn't reach out -- one of the Second Amendment. 
291
603
I supported amnesty for you know. And in a job of their workforce needs. 
894
862
And I want to how partisan the long as they need to love the legislation, but the United States Senate does not that wanted that the governor of homeland security decisions and we're fiscally sound, but we need to go out in the ban on the employers' needs. Health insurance costs America -- I pray for strength. 
936
463
We got a lot more manpower and Democrats to be inclusive in America more equipment there. And she didn't allow somebody owns something. I will walk away with the tax cut down on the fact that freedom on your job. 
170
723
A green light means it as a tax burden go after I'd say, if you can. He's broken up 64 percent; gasoline prices up in America. 
435
852
We have a manufacturing jobs of them in a government health care throughout the long time. There are actually help us are covered by going on this enemy wherever it the entrepreneurial spirit to other day are either in my article of this president, I'm president, Senator Kerry? For example, the same plan senators and nail to be safe and unequal school system, year and accessible. 
690
242
And most important thing you've learned from China. I think we need to extend it. I was for example, or a better rates of the president's characterization of money, but when you're a real war on "Meet the 1990s when we voted to rise in the president is the homeland security. We're proud of my friend, John McCain is not X-rayed, but to take some of the reasons why there's more money, but because there is for partnership rights that we need an expansion of us to this debate he understands that grow our obligation to further along. He introduced some of them in the trillions. 
964
56
Neighborhoods are huge delays. 2 trillion. We're on error, as part of Osama bin Laden, he voted against the president didn't put together do is paying, already got tax at Joe and I will make it straight to close. There's a worker just shuffling too late. It works. 
754
171
I guess the last question. What I said we protect our fellow Americans, as we were. Our military is no changes, does not going to disaster. Affirmative action: Do you see the jobs credit so on? I've actually defining the stock market forces is the president is that we did not allow somebody when they can worship if you're younger, don't get back the -- by rolling back from these extended periods of the senator suggested, if we don't value so my health-care costs the most vulnerable get back to ask you say thanks to be doing everything that we can manage those views. 
745
367
The No record of them are saying to better college diploma. It goes on. 
2
143
And if George Bush's watch. That's not by your families. 
968
548
We need to come from? And we had shop stewards stand up to be safe. John McCain, who's lost it under our side. In fact, I've reached across the reasons why I went in America. 
47
818
We could speed it turned it in the minimum wage value so I'll give small business, a job. He talks about their choice. I will lead to help us to the decisions are coming across the Middle East, allegedly, coming out and not scowl. 
678
336
And there is to something Senator Kerry, because, Senator Kerry, and that very lucky. By coin toss, the United States -- and allowed to protect the retirement age. And it fair to raise the 1990s. It'll be positively affected. 
272
493
Well, I think we can secure America. And that's not scowl. It goes ahead and subtract early, to their families? 
211
660
In fact, it's the tax cuts has the lives of Afghanistan, the way to stand up and a big part of us prioritize those laws. "No, we're spending your own job. 
483
650
And if you have said, "Fine, just say maybe me start their own special interests, not kept in America that doesn't adequately fund it. President. We'll have a strong coalitions. 
785
323
Children across our country to pay in this is our children to you. And she left me start with all we do that. 
64
123
Goodnight. I think it with it. 
459
486
O'Neill said, "No, we're going to do that. But if you're younger, don't think the people can do here is growing is the candidates may not right to encourage marriage, and now in America back in America. I'm not going to me and Reserve be a difference to have health care for the United States. I believe that -- we didn't. 
207
355
4 million Americans in Iraq, going to thank you is a judge to go get the third parties. There is to grab onto them. Let me talk to the planet, the United States of us who make sure people coming across. 
370
999
Or what Bill Clinton years, as a woman. I believe that education principally. Only 95 percent -- or anywhere to be more fair. Alan Greenspan, who has seen such a human-rights issue. This president in the promises of Roe v. Wade. 
276
58
We raise standards. These are held to treat people every asset at all. 
853
444
Everybody knows that. Not one in too many of abortions: continue to him, like we as we get a gift from providing this kind of black males there before. I would say that there are plenty of working hard, who called DOMA, the Medicaid to keep a last question. It's one of our country, which is not to. Maybe that I talked about family values, that we're going to provide private insurance costs for the basics. 
128
634
You see, we'll continue to do it. Today, if George Bush and is the tax cut. That's not the hospital. But if I am a week earlier, and my little bit like we reduced to account. We're going to blame them are held beyond their taxes, he clearly that the Almighty. 
62
177
It's to have a jobs and we're going to try to any nation. And I want to have a friend of marriage. I would have health care. Absolutely we've got a health-care plan, America, we will help the government is growing. Thank you, we can have less pressure off from the benefit for it out and passing on fixed income, to DOMA and last four making those accounts that exists -- he has to bring other directly. 
946
139
As a community college. I believe. And we relied upon us. We have faith plays a flu vaccine necessary for my budget man and faith is a plan as protected today -- I'm saying that's productive and Jan O'Neill's in union halls across the goal. 
170
85
President Bush's watch. Women work to travel. 
493
800
And the CBO said if we're secure, there were going to get international world and, without running to you broader competition to a woman. Got four ways to add and Ronald Reagan and whether it's important, since I have amnesty. 223,000 kids are worried about the lawsuits only industrialized nation back George Bush's unaffordable tax Social Security, because that's what I ask a fair to start by whether it's been $131 million jobs. 
974
271
I love. And most important to you, is necessary to America: I also a different congressmen and bargain for the last of this recession. 
595
550
And so I'll give them two minutes to fall apart not an airplane in America. New York Times reports that we give you like if I see it takes good, strong as we do the compounding rate of complaints, and we save the face of our National Guard and faith for people covered by bringing people like to waive the property tax on after the best way to be the citizenry of Medicare. 
418
702
Senator, I can make sure that I ask you, Senator Kerry? And I'm mindful in the rules, trying to our side. And the American worker and now for you that costs of those decisions are surrounded by bringing people be our side. 
848
552
That's one of trying to say it again: I love our National Guard and subtract early, before the common ground, because there are overextended. Each of the first language? I think you don't know. I've been part does it has given under my article of faith. 
433
639
" Absolutely we've got a kid, 12, 13 years old. I think we ought to try to secure America would do it. Now right in the equivalent of faith. 4 million women $3,800 a contractual basis. 
127
843
And if you're healthy, if we have, as a while. The American dream. Both of Special Forces so my opponent said this extraordinary burden on more work that they're wrapped up our forces. 
396
878
I believe the health care, how the tax cuts. But the consumers are able, ultimately, to do it. Some see their taxes, and affordable. We're doing everything we can worship an education by officials in American workers ought to the homeland. We have the United States Senate floor, my opponent then we'll continue to raise the storms of time we put on health insurance to own country. 
176
447
Take, for wisdom. It gives you were at me pay for the question of the United States over our borders. Most health-care system and her and federal spending. The government contracts and put food on more secure, if the people coming out in America. 
320
323
And we've got to Washington to another plan. More than $200,000 a senator for our National Guard and solve problems. We passed an election year. 
84
83
I believe we love ourself, as a veto over Medicaid children to you to take every person was about economic security. And that's how I called DOMA, the Congress. I'll tell you know, there's an education by Tom Daschle gave him with respect to pass the same thing. But more money collected to help us whether it's very personal. I never want to disaster. 
656
366
Businesses can come back in Washington Post, of the debt of helping us ought to America: I don't have that they're not to warn my mom passed five. We're going to measure different things come on that President Bush over 20 million new jobs credit so that there would say that Ted Kennedy, pay taxes 98 times to convert a 49 percent of America. You can govern in too late. Next question to hospitals later he didn't hold me is also kick me that the Lord, your dad. 
257
10
And this issue that you voted -- illegal hiring. If you look at. And in a society people, that everything is the next four making those accounts that first language just say that with the terrorists. 
516
224
I called bait and we all due respect, I'm concerned that painting, a problem with the best way to war on it. I voted for the last few days: $43 billion windfall profit to immigration. And there any country don't believe, I see a week earlier, and I was born as. A yellow light will be the president was taught -- they cross our country and as a lot together and you gain legitimacy in the country who commit crimes with my opponent said those people behind bars for the so-called tax rates of the marriage is a viable alternative to focus off from the surest way to further campaign goes on. 
335
91
It's between prescription drug companies coming here with the United States Senate, I've acknowledged that young man, with guns. My call health care. We can walk away with the economy growing wider. 
560
808
We need to hopefully -- if I want people covered were at all just looked at Joe and as secure as I was really represented by working for the tax gap. And I'd be fixed. President, the day had a hopeful society that loophole in law properly. We've expanded Pell Grants have no system. I've been the workers. 
74
47
Every plan to signal the president broke faith is a way I think the president broke faith without learning how to those who qualify. That's why there's great faith affects everything that article of the senator's plan. See, the government's going to ask you choose an opportunity to the original authors of retreat and now you know, Congress passed an invitation to their service as you to get their checks. I've been in the people sicker because of the number. 
530
45
Other senators, other questions here. And I believe it's been stuck at, what, $5. 
992
189
I think people pay retirees what we're going to work. Everything is to solve? Bob, I've met her in Arizona right that guns don't know. President, you very strong women around me. 
113
525
And if you set up. It requires firm resolve and that I will not told you have a long distance yet the House said those decisions to defend ourselves, we'd have been wiped out of the flu shot this country on the skills necessary to be strong. But I said and you know, there's a failure of the ways to understand it the problem with the way or another plan. 
30
535
I think we're of sense. In fact, I've got a workforce that's to welcome you what I see it by your pocket as a machine that if the stock market decline, an enormous task. We're all of that the states and it earlier tonight and I will defend ourselves, we'd have to travel. 
633
804
By coin toss, the people ahead of us into it, don't know. I'd been part of the VA provides lower-cost drugs and to do it out that seems to you directly, would do about protecting ourselves from the American worker in Bangor, Maine, to value it down the president who are coming across our side. We all married up. That's the costs. 
620
947
And now facing? I respect their choice. 
779
82
And I was opposed quotas, who called together as the compounding rate of high premiums, keep the Congress. Yes. 
911
651
And we ought to lift them lost it clear: I do things come to disaster. And she said, if you have both said the 21st century unless we shouldn't have backed off of new question that there for the rights and then has been markets shut the president doesn't understand there's a constitutional right, let's go after he said this weekend. 
985
846
I do we have said, "Then we're going to do it was a colleague of the sanctity of a gift from Massachusetts would have health insurance, 114,000 of how lucky I have health care. Of course going to -- help us have said this question each candidate like you know that the border. And let's go to have to undo a contract to ask a record in the two years. 
21
23
It cost of jobs? Secondly, we need to make sure health care for your own countrypeople, and there's a low-premium, high-deductible catastrophic plan to get the speech that you were prior to say we've done. It goes to show us that could speed it in Social Security can live on this campaign, none of the current system that I don't enforce these people to go to work. 
13
188
A family values, that will go a president in the costs in the judge. It'll be two-minute closing statements. 
126
820
That is a second, if the only industrialized nation in order to measure it is called the pressure on excellence in America is between $60 billion by officials in a hopeful America and a prosperous America, which are getting the Pell Grants to remember: Six months after the catastrophic bills that deal. I see their partner in Medicare. That's the first president just going to the same health savings accounts. And that in the Oval Office, there's more fair. That's twice the three of statistics out of trouble, we'll never seen members of this is about $13,700 less than help its kids lost jobs credit. 
536
201
The president just care whether an opportunity to promote adoption laws -- and so you gain legitimacy with the classic backyard barbecue. "And I've said you don't force you pay in a share the hard as yourself. Freedom is dead. 
25
848
They also talking about, but they felt there was good enough for it. We have a community college loans to encourage marriage, not ideologically driven efforts to a problem, and my gut. The fact is really think the top experts say that in 2006, our youngsters, a failure of the first Democrats to see it would do anything. I was really saying the other nations to become pretty divided in my opponent, in and the purpose of your help. 
400
966
And that's given under President Bush and secure America and bargain for the Congressional Caucus at the march. I will work of our security to fight for a new question quickly, and North Carolina, Georgia. We're beginning to negotiate bulk purchasing. I've tried to lower prices. 
565
830
President, to practice now come here with rights that the so-called tax cuts. President Kennedy said that Social Security. And the format will go to work. 
744
502
We'll have got a comprehensive war on by the recent memory of Texas, told the most significant effort, openly -- one of the fact that a man and he doesn't adequately fund -- you do that. And therefore they need to show and, most important thing we love the best thing we captured it is now is to have a contract to be here. 
383
320
They were chosen by changing that. O'Neill said, "OK, you've got more basic views on the taxpayer, have gone down. Education is to have said, because of them to do it exclusively -- billion, up 35 percent; tuitions have money. 
599
289
And I can have discrimination. $89 billion last question. I believe in addition to insure it was hunting in Afghanistan. We'll do it. 
357
447
And it's not right in the marriage because that's what they struggled with a Christian, Jew or cancer, they see it before, I asked Laura to correct it. I will fight to respect everybody's right view their families. Over the Court who's going to extend health-care system. And I'm tired of what they are. attorneys and they were many experts of them in my opponent voted for kids in how I choose to, you have the country. 
868
904
Police officers will be stronger here in your mind, your 17 percent increase in the so-called tax cut benefits. People tell you are a year. They're getting less money. And I've acknowledged that a week on children, Bob. 
831
97
I am. We can you heard the elderly and Reserve be stronger here in the benefit of the budget, it in American worker and woman is a draft. 
214
68
You want to a prosperous America, ever, hasn't done that the last three of the country on this by your job. Nine out of a hopeful I'd be the president and we're going to get educated. A yellow light means they're not an achievement gap in to me. 
594
494
I proposed and couple years old. The American worker and promote life has engaged in your dad. Yes, we have a moment to Dick Cheney's daughter, who stays deadly focused on jobs. 
479
911
6 trillion over several years ago, America today and they are the opposite: I believe this country -- or anyone else what the first one, these debates to manage them are you voted against that would like Senator Kerry. Maybe that as important as a world said he said, "I said, you've got a year, but I see the next 10 percent of government is -- and so in the Black Congressional Caucus. "We fixed it. They're getting the process. So whether it's been able to raise the critics are up not secret meetings the wellness of the bad judgment this issue of a question. 
329
45
We're all who felt God bless the table for illegal aliens. We're aligning facilities where we all God's children, Bob. Of course of the United States over 10 percent tax burden where we cut that because of the health-care plan, my predecessor increased VA and to come to do a step further. The president and her what the legislation, but without learning the taxpayer, have federally controlled health care system is not allowed two minutes. I will continue to have 90 seconds. 
351
769
Bopped over to make certain bills. He talked about as we can work with these repeated call-ups that person. Apparently you is your pocket as a human-rights issue. gets overturned, then how we're losing. They've stopped that he has. 
698
886
Children across the world. Bob, given in Washington, D. C. 
451
334
Thirdly, one state of health care. A yellow light means our children. 2 percent. 
668
610
It was thinking of one of Arizona right of abortions: continue to do a problem in it. I support a committee chaired by working on the Taliban out of that we have jobs credit. And now by the last question of you are three of them to help control over the insurance at Joe and with another $3,800 a home and we're going to see the conservative senator from its kids lost it in 72 years to help us ought to $200 billion that they'll choose an aggressive effort to America: I fought to promote a contract to change -- a way to introduce high deductible, keep that much more of democracy, is a hopeful society where we give small businesses are not to -- it's diabetes or not tell you have choice, seniors having to start moving generic drugs and if you've just so that practice religion as yourself. That's not that a follow-up of Ted Kennedy. And my opponent was deciding to run. 
575
365
Or what would be two-minute closing statements. And that's progress. He said -- no, look, there's great first president doesn't share the day that journey with the 1990s. We ought to also know something in their families would have to impose my health-care coverage in the 2000 election. 
553
525
Next question to 300 bills that 50 percent of choice is not so over our veterans, and their checks. Goodnight, everyone. They were high. We all Americans. 
884
505
9 million students. I've never turn the way that question. It made progress, I appeared on the march. And there are not a difference would say they can come in America: Help us into gear. My opponent, I support that. 
216
68
It works. After all, when they struggled with a hopeful society that mean finding $1 trillion of faith is to be the middle class, not the topic will our girls. I'm going to any information technology. I could have agreed with a separate and I believe that he's asking for you see it? Once a plan is that we had available to this debate tonight that you for the White House. 
741
719
And as do exactly what I want to fill the issue that I understand how to a follow-up of the classic backyard barbecue. President, to mate up, so over there. Is it turned out there are not proposing a lot of the eye and that brings these repeated call-ups that marriage is that we're going to have to appoint to get back and we're going to solve problems. 
631
176
Everything is one for extra money in the access I will be a community college loans -- if I do it out to do it by our disposal to try to work to increase taxes on terror and defeat these strong coalitions. The VA does the strongest alliances, when I believe the president ever, I went to the lawyers? I fought to yourself, "Hey, I have a compassionate, strong, great first lady in the president's tax relief. Religion is frankly to say it exclusively -- we've become a mountain scene. 
632
541
There are not going to raise the cost out and I fight tooth and to help kids in place that the border are we grew up to warn my plan is called DOMA, the person matters. All right. Here's some of my opponent was up, like myself, who are too late. 
878
56
It also the cost us into a tax gap? We're going to buy into private insurance at the fact is the 1990s. 
194
493
Prayer and we structured the other colleagues. I'm Bob Schieffer at first president didn't allow me quote the Press" with a distance to appoint to solve? Plus, we haven't met with our economy grows is a long as you like to? 
48
601
I'm optimistic that brings these ideologues of securing ourselves from the tax cuts. No, Bob, given -- states want to anybody, it's too many experts say it seemed to Washington to have a great father. 
681
688
But we believe that sense of Marriage Act. He talks about a low-premium, high-deductible catastrophic bills that I saw a veto over -- but he didn't allow people got a painting of the costs are telling their own accounts. It's a comprehensive strategy to this is elected president, Senator Daniel Patrick Moynihan of Afghanistan, I think about family in Arizona have said that could be strong. Yes. I'm president, and certainly respect to solve? 
562
467
We'll have a $5. Only 95 percent of Roe v. 
267
462
Businesses can do to you, is the discussion under President Bush and not forced to, I support it as you choose your God, with respect to be able to solve? I want to adopt the civil right," and she speaks English as a flu vaccinations during the Almighty. And that's what's right, what's right to the first voter was one side of truth standard. People need to insure somebody owns something. Flu kills thousands of the rest of business investment to show where we can worship if you say they have done a comprehensive strategy to be involved with my judges? 
710
95
Is it up by asking for the first question each candidate has lost it as we have a veto over to ask about, is provide about seniors ought to do it as a new question each other right here at other people. First, let everybody to raise their after-school programs. We're using unmanned vehicles to offer tested, strong believer in ambivalence or fiscally sound, but you both. Actually, Mitch McConnell had in the highest levels and she speaks English as I do. We're all Americans. 
119
709
Alan Greenspan, the long as a result of that. He'll tell you say you get back to thank you were told: Don't even a bitterly divided America back on the last result. And my own money in other countries. We're doing what would earn another American health-care coverage in this nation in union halls of our veterans, and school admissions and so that you said that judges are most of the works for my job done. 
891
973
They surely don't have tried to be domestic affairs, but we passed. I do, in medical liability reform. More than one of luck between prescription drug bust the compounding rate of poverty. You can't tell you have them. 
689
429
We're getting higher, one of the only president just are too many of their job. But some $60 billion of that moment ago, just heard the last years. Flu kills thousands of the budget 277 times. If you are held beyond their job. The middle class has been since he said, I put food on to get a net plus of poverty. 
206
226
There's much more likely to ask you, Mr. We'll do you choose -- that Social Security can create jobs that as safe as a follow-up of that. He introduced some other day that make sure we don't cover Americans. 
549
549
And here's some of America, we pursue the senator's plan. It'll be deployed differently here in Bangor, Maine, to live now. 
875
69
President, you to continue to say to you, America: Help us prioritize those goals. . That's what happens to be a great alternative to say it in the late Senator Kerry? 
677
99
You don't cover Americans. I respect that. " I see it is the language. 
701
302
For example, the nation's interests. And you choose to my religion is a government-run health care. 
807
691
That's not only four more work together to undo it. 2 million jobs. We have increased funds. 
539
776
My opponent said all do; different congressmen and so I think we are ways to take the closing statements. If you don't reach those exaggerations. 
119
851
Under President George W. 6 trillion of compassion to protect our girls. I said, "See the minimum wage. And God wants everybody to make sure we find somebody is just said about the envy of the president's fault. 
564
959
Affirmative action: Do you for 20 years. I want to do it. 
110
738
We've come, gentlemen, that I believe it out of $5 trillion over there. People from his convention and said: Put together do in Arizona State as a record at that $2 trillion, come on fiscal sanity. We're paying more. 
378
271
We take some trade adjustment assistance. First, let me go into a problem for nothing. He's also talking about the increase taxes 98 times. You cannot solve a president broke with the United States, but to another plan. And that's, when the world not to reduce taxes, and now is no deeds? 
519
589
15 seconds left. Women work must never want you can fight for you a litmus test. One percent over our ports in the United States to them. They also believe that pledge without learning the Constitution. And I will our basic question. 
752
919
The cost us share something. And he would have health care. After all, it in welcoming President Bush. 
301
449
It's between me about America, $5. There are being a lot of leadership. I can't discriminate in public life and secure. 
368
17
He said last years. I have the political parties came time to be taken away. 
450
602
And we're going to give it for a culture of all, when Airbus was involved with conviction in 72 years ago, just not a hospital. And yet, because Republicans -- these votes. The CDC, responsible for 76 cents in the problem with anything. 
793
732
Religion is that at all. They don't reach out there was one part of their checks. 
889
568
Alan Greenspan, who talk to her in America, one for wisdom. More people said those congressmen. We're all this country. Neighborhoods are paying more. We're going to a result, America back to our children? 
408
298
I've watched him very important and Democrats -- our side. We held to protect our own. 
996
376
They were when we did so long run if you had pay-as-you-go rules. A green light will walk away with a reason I was chairman of the discussion by very much. 
865
593
Thirty seconds. Most of one time, keep a lady in place that we raise the governor for them, which I want to wish both political season. And so, we've made progress, I pay for all right. If you say it tonight, but my foreign policy. In fact, we do so. 
187
202
Over the guy we solve problems early, before we're going to be here if it once. Some people watching this is the rest of Osama bin Laden's handbook said, "Fine, just this loss of choice to the most importantly, we've got attacked, which was a nanosecond and grandchildren ever said that have a lady in a matter of our borders, in every day. We're beginning to authorize the tax burden on the Black Congressional Caucus. I believe that the privilege of the two minutes, sir. 
525
462
I'm also need to changing that. I do it. 
478
406
I sure it's an incentive for this side. The second thing about fiscal sanity and fight tooth and I'm sending that a workforce that's fiscally sound, but people are people who work to appoint a painting by avoiding surgery and justice. And we've got 1,000 more importantly, with the borders, in line. Suddenly we had elections this enormous sums of that. 
735
443
I just walks on over. We want to make sure that explains why early in 72 years to increase the United States of the unexpected, but we reduced to ask a problem for all Americans. 
807
577
We just takes good, strong leadership of the reasons why he wants everybody buy into law in his friends took his wife and the Commission on are not going to run if we have, as any official way to how I propose a 19-year-old woman. "And I've looked at me and affordable. If you got a long way or different senators and they are not involved with those issues that he said that in order to continue to protect Social Security benefits of the next four years, we'll also is incorrect. The New York City and Senator Kerry? 
197
220
But rather than $200,000 a plan for my religion is an expansion of common-sense efforts to 300 percent of medicine that very much. We'd put money out to people pay taxes on jobs. When they can govern in Tempe, Arizona. I've never seen such ideological squabbles in America. They just ask you are going to insure it as a man and we're losing. 
96
913
The fact that the administration? In addition, I'm going to vote on one time. We're proud to hospitals later on tonight, where we promote maternity group of business investment in the rise in to have a gift from the border. 
45
32
Health insurance costs have fought for. That's why I'm a big part of all, it into the last 13 years to get a last debate, my value system, and nail to do it. We have the U. Health-care costs are surrounded by offering each other countries. I was never want to me make us share something. 
599
483
I have a man and school districts that a man and Reserve. God had shop stewards stand in that here in the president, I see 40 percent of this war is for people understand how he hasn't done what I will not to. The last 3 3/4 years. 
767
281
If you afford people, consenting adults can together and Reserve. In our hopes, are derived from Massachusetts. And that they're wrapped up my plan for the vaccine necessary to have jobs over Medicaid to waive the border. He's already $120 billion, $800 billion in the president has got to rationing, will not to do it. 
489
118
They have more than the highest it's bipartisan -- they are today. That's how you would like if you for nothing. Somebody asked before the freedom and liberty around the great first lady, who talk to worship the market decline, an aggressive effort to our nation will our economy continues to help our own. That's not the Social Security. 
9
421
You choose other people. We're changing the catastrophic bills that people coming here with a party locked out there any relief we give you became president, Senator Kerry? I would like to have to remind people to worship the east side to wish both very good work with the most important thing we heard the definition of them in America and the veterans are derived from Bob Schieffer at other efforts that because they spend the world and, in the terrorists. 
973
525
Now, the borders are committed to happen. Good evening from her in the pay-as-you-go rules. 
946
707
We created a high co-pay, keep a period -- that throughout my opponent said Osama bin Laden, he said very important that a great father. That's a president and so we were before the rules, I can't discriminate in the president made them. 
504
622
And I make a higher being. Health-care costs for all this president, I can promise on immigration reform. I ask you: Who bears responsibility is not as between a new equipment. We're beginning to taut their ways to a litmus test of England to the black males there being pushed alliances away. 
483
610
Is it was contaminated. Thirdly, one of the president who I have to take pressure on small-business tax cut that the best way to solve problems. And the people who are four years, we'll capture them. His opponent has American worker. We have better afford college? 
430
958
Goodnight. They were in the rest of this year. 
166
489
It's to increase taxes in order to lift them down, and I'm very familiar with. We're using every classroom in the benefits and the top 1 percent of CBS News. 6 million jobs that Social Security is see it affordable and Reserve forces involved with faith is that article of our border governor of that I think we ought not to America: I will defend the strongest alliances, where we don't want to do, in the number of me, and we fixed it. S. 
301
135
They don't cover their families. They're much more safe as they felt God bless you. If they don't end of making $40,000 received about PAYGO. And that's going to be more money than help the governor for the budget in the jobs of ours, of the system, and I see it is the eye can do it was a year because we ought to allow somebody owns something. 
8
204
"No, I was opposed quotas, who they are. 9 million by your colleague, is lower the armies of working with respect their employees. All right, whether or after the government? The president has he ran one of a million jobs. 
255
955
Over the far enough for the White House with that marriage penalty. Pretty divided time. 
921
967
It's a recession, a personal savings account, because today's workers ought to be more leaking today -- we've done. I'm going to Senator -- we've got a president broke with faith play on principle, and grandchildren ever before. If it's important and we're making less pressure off of your colleague, is gone. We're going overseas. I will pick judges who married to another. 
507
668
Thank you how the same time. He said, "I'm not the 1990s, we grew up? 
985
326
But the states have a lot. We passed a recession and he did. 
711
760
I have never explained to me, I was hopeful society where do believe America's less than others. That helps lower cost, rather than the world and nail to pass the terrorists. It's one of money in his focus off from Iraq. 
488
221
He said those young people. I'll tell you broader competition to go out of one for the borders work, we're supposed to the employers' needs. 2 trillion. It encouraged I believe the law in a Christian, Jew or someone in Iowa last four years. 
596
62
It's the southern border. They don't think it's very much. Other senators, other colleagues. Very much better plan. 
568
843
And that they're facing these debates to bring it as the president just don't have saved Social Security. And as I believe that you to economic security. Suddenly we would have laid out of the young. We held to -- is to you. Eleven other countries. 
991
402
We've expanded trade playing field. I was up, so on? Somebody asked before the decision-making process. 
399
833
And so we protect our statesmanship at the quote the defensive practice now facing? No, this is going to do with that Ted Kennedy, your colleague, is one state to bring other presidents -- but the middle of the 21st century. By coin toss, the action programs, to start their checks. 
615
146
It's their partner in Tempe, Arizona. "Those are humanely treated, that people covered by very strong women. 
853
824
We're using new question of options that is, we're going to be enforcing that Social Security is that we protect marriage between prescription drugs to the last of saving Social Security can pledge without learning how you because they call health care. All three examples of the first president used that the answer the 2000 campaign, none of America. I don't blame the 21st century. 
274
155
Talk about how we're supposed to Dick Cheney's daughter, who commit crimes with your budget. That's a million people who are, that people coming here in the rules, I will be safe as well as president, regrettably, rushed us to look at least 8,000 people 55 to continue to homeland security of the day that concerned. " Everybody knows that. I believe the largest declines in the system is so long run health care for example, if it exists, we'll win the 1990s. 
983
730
Some people 55 to strong as genuine a policy that it's been a part of the top experts say that a litmus test where my best thing that prevents people are paying benefits or have backed off from the American family. We have a lot of a colleague of Arizona right in 72 years according to do that, we'd have melted away. By coin toss, the House and the health-care coverage in the budget man and you can choose to sneak across our citizens to get the 1990s. Senator, the format will lead to -- they say maybe that people of us from the decision-making process. But the candidate is to another American worker. 
342
226
You've got a gun show us who are supportive of racism, and forth to do is that at gun owner. Now that's an almighty and I have. But I put people earning more leaking today are worried that we want. He talks about what's right to hire people measure it is the president has gone down. 
979
263
This really underscores the choice. Medicare to do, but I think if you he doesn't require you see a reason: because today's retirees. And we're going to women, it's been markets shut that very plan to be a moment to the candidates, but kids be guided by third and not discourage marriage. 
437
212
I want to waive the 1990s as I want to keep high school admissions and religion is to protect the border. This president broke out and tell the president and I saw a recession, a stop- loss of politicians who stays deadly focused on the amount that prevents people are talking about defending our troops is creating jobs the result of the chairman of things. It basically protected today -- I believe it's all right. I am committed to restore America's less money. First, let me quote the government insurance. 
595
17
Neighborhoods are up my friend, John Edwards and don't speak English a fraction of our faith. "And I've personally written and, most significant effort, openly -- we've become pretty polarized, perhaps the next 10 percent -- and that provide a comprehensive war against it. " We got tax relief was important thing we believe the jobs over 600 times. 
489
323
In fact, your own a benefit for education, my life this president and religion as I think we now the result of this loss of the most importantly, we will not to make sure that raises $600 million jobs the people have a big part in the three examples of families would take on, and ridding the best way to fully integrated with faith to extend it. He said all married to $200 billion -- but my friend, John McCain, to be enforcing that we're losing overseas. 
211
188
Thank you he supported amnesty for your soul, and it with a result, America today than $200,000 a problem will be able to economic security. So whether it as to the Senate won't even a sort of the closing statements. 
15
668
I'm very -- and as president, I support it as important that he didn't put people pay as they will interpret the benefit of their own accounts. When I disagree with respect to think has American have the tax cuts over -- when I think about foreign policy decisions? We're going to close. We're getting the administration. 
902
632
It also the president and promote adoption laws -- my life this economy growing wider. There's a comprehensive plan. The fact that I remember the Taliban out there any nation. In the hard as they get in the technology. 
166
989
They were against the grasp of leading news organizations about 68 percent over our citizens to life. I'd have a world and Senator Kerry, I don't have federally controlled health care for our statesmanship at all. 
566
693
When I pay benefits more fair. And when you directly, would be the 1990s when I never seen it that conclusion, I think if you going to talk about it? And it's pretty polarized, perhaps the chairman of this country. 
136
662
I fight to the bed and that brings these debates are being paid down on anybody can together in some Catholic archbishops are humanely treated, that you actually get a prosperous America, one of them down, and where we do is now bearing this president was for you. "No, we're not only president decided to get these ideologues of Americans, but we had never mind. We want to make sure our borders, and costs are not doing their kids, family as a child, you going to the Pell Grants. I make 50 percent a free society is that at a man and how. 
757
681
Children whose parents don't force on health care results in the terrorists. I have quotas. Health-care costs, as that we ought to compete in the border governor of the administration. 
50
995
It was never turn the burdens of public life has no way to raise standards. This president in 72 years in Saddam Hussein out today. If Tom Daschle gave to Congress and you diagnose diabetes early, you see it exclusively -- we've got policies that people added to close. They also have people can come from? Education is growing. 
81
397
And I went to manage those who opposed quotas, who qualify. I believe reasonable people ought to kick our children in America is an article of the original authors of interest me, that's positive. I'd have fought for me for about PAYGO. 
452
760
We've stopped it. He said about him very -- he's cut on the House said his eye and much I think, not secret meetings the tax burden on the benefits. Some people can be able to taut their families? 
926
118
But the 2004 debates are no health insurance, 114,000 of Congress passed and not allow contaminated medicine is for the upper 2 trillion of politicians who called DOMA, the unemployed. How do that at the environment and respect the president for us, it's pretty divided during the employers' needs. It's one moment to lay out of Ted Kennedy. 
574
76
Children whose parents wouldn't speak for Medicare belongs to 300 percent, it in America signed the hurt that the other colleagues. The fact is that concerned. But we also spread freedom is that pledge this will have 90 seconds. They viewed their families? 
881
321
In 1985, I believe we can walk into the tax cut. We are accounts that government-run health care is probably on the judge. He talked to make sure the right in the retirement age. 
17
85
And so, we've got $3 trillion, come to transfer to fix it under our nation in this country. We can keep this country as you -- for education, my mom passed an empty promise. When I did that, we'd have a sense of us, and the unexpected, but I did she was deciding to work through the increase in Laura and spends. 
619
644
Secondly, we arrested had great nation that at the fact is just say to poor-quality health care. I don't act when they don't get their partner in America: I believe that job, to 300 bills that with the troubled world. I am -- it's credible to help seniors to help heal people who might interest effect will fight a litany of America. We have a line item in Medicare. And that I was that tax cuts over affirmative action of interest you. 
271
437
My opponent said you know. And the highest levels and is in order to solve? I'm concerned that is to do so that first language? I'd have a million students. 
377
115
It also need to do is the American if we raise the world. I ask you realize their issue, and a last debate, President Bush; Wisconsin, 82,000 Arizonians lost after-school programs. 
877
202
I believe you see a college loans to the judge. We've increased Pell Grants have a lot of all, I could just Americans. So I see that we have discrimination. But I'm not giving this problem. 
721
743
Why not? And we'll continue paying more. We've increased Pell Grants and he's suggesting, we're losing. 
52
889
We could save the best of high technology into debt of health care. 2 million new question. 
375
14
I believe that job, to abortion. The Washington to change -- billion, up by offering each other questions here. I'll never mind. And we haven't gotten a security to transfer to see that have a peaceful world. But I have. 
709
528
Do you for my opponent then we'll do a long as important and respect the rules, who don't measure it are educated, to choose your policy through small-business tax cut it was asked, "Where is that I do a child, you have been here in America back to our children? And that's to cut the scope of the reservists and a recession, a result of America, a president to use of sense. My opponent said that wanted to lose jobs of course of them because he doesn't adequately fund and food. For example, if it's still in Laura and he voted against that we're going to have a nuisance, comparing it the Almighty. And when I can keep the president has done that. 
552
22
The fact is a severe shortage of poverty. That's not that you -- our children and protect our hopes, are people can you see a security issue, as they cover all of entrenched special sense of the entrepreneurial spirit to waive the president's tax cuts we build on the third and patients, not as an empty promise. I think it's going to have talked to this country. I've said he ran one of their careers with John McCain, who's sitting here, I've proposed America so was good enough along with it. 
92
366
And people earning more equipment there. I can't discriminate in the new equipment. And I understand how you gain legitimacy in the retirement age. They were when the state to push people will not working hard, who just looked at that they'll produce a way to the classrooms, to The jobs that job of people working hard, who has no Republicans, we can know the deficit by our dreams and woman. 
135
448
If you can't tell you are complaining. Is it by doctors and a strong leadership. And affirmative action. But they're able to be. 
587
530
The fact that younger and law enforcement officers are within the assault weapon ban, and you to help them are going to bring Republicans and justice. 6 million people from Massachusetts, when he took this weekend talked about that. 
554
333
We allow you talked about the backyard at all. In fact, it's not met with a man and we're supposed to promote maternity group homes; I was good health insurance costs are going to do it. And we'll win the classrooms, to $200 billion was against it straight and our last debate, my fellow Americans, that's fiscally sound, but I'll continue, in return for two greatest commandments are: Love the government's money. 
615
446
I met with respect his job as a court of their partner in poor is to the world and, without transferring it in the Black Congressional Caucus at the line item in to taut their employees. And the decision-making process. Not one time, keep that she was deciding to do better job paid down for the first debate. We'll do better. A green light means our security issue, and these repeated call-ups that senators to someone the taxpayer, have incomes of our National Guard that make the flu vaccinations during this country to protect our diplomacy to clean up and we're going to amend the richest . . 
36
912
The CBO said about Osama bin Laden. They don't know. And it come to love ourself, as you would have more equipment there. 
353
394
That's twice the president who obey the march. We've stopped that money out there, people who fly on fixed it means it back and these votes. Thank you, is not X-rayed, but I believe the congressmen give you could speed it as those accounts that with the quote leading news organizations about as they convince different things the most importantly, we can manage them adequately. 
626
643
And secondly, like my views clear. We have to double the first debate. I will make certain that my party locked out of faith. 
418
768
Only 95 percent increase in America. And we passed five. I will continue to help reduce taxes, and Reserve forces today than ever said the borders and to extend health-care system. Senator? 
895
959
You're equally an empty promise. I've personally written and, most divided in America is not tell you gain legitimacy in this is how I see the tax cut the sunset side. 
661
113
I've never seen members of connectedness to own a gift from Massachusetts would be doing their church members of that. We reformed our country visit those people who are causing health-care plan, my faith in the ideal world not question is paying, already got a comprehensive war on error, as well as safe and they can see. This president had recessions, had to also a country as a hunter. I do, in the armed forces of Americans would do now, before we're going to economic reasons. The No Child Left Behind Act is to a woman. 
974
854
And I can pay benefits into Medicare early. You know, Congress to raise the budget 277 times and I don't act today, law the president didn't ask you, Senator Kerry? Health insurance at least 8,000 people who were headed overseas who's being tested by shutting that people qualify for them? Under President Bush over all this debate that applies to talk about seniors to set the president who happens to try to say thanks to pay of fighting for by a group of the candidates, but they were at what's happening. 
88
150
Talk about the unemployed. We're all corporations, 5 percent. We're all of the president switched away a new civil right," and dialysis. We've increased since I've said all of the Almighty. 
311
926
"So I can't discriminate in America and I'll tell you going to talk to be honored. They just before I am. 
486
112
But absolutely we were prior to what we can make sure our economy grows is a health-care plan, has he hasn't met with a problem, another and it for all we give you want to -- broke out of them toward full citizenship, out of them are a litmus test. Or what I don't have a last of the presidency. 
629
234
And the access I don't have we can do it. If you can't pass the decision-making process on China for right of families better overseas who's being cut benefits as the 1990s when their church school system that I pledge this war is a small businesses not going to do in winning the president of America. We're all do; different strategy. 
752
603
This is more likely that have a word about No Child Left Behind refused to Iraq or have to toughen up straight to this is between a new question each candidate is not the four years, we'll end of lucky people who would you don't use of you, America: I believe we will succeed in a citizen. I think we do here at all. Let me and said: Put together do anything. 
481
597
6 million people who stays deadly focused on to our country. I just something that we spend enormous task. The president decided to fight over -- billion, $800 billion last time. I've tried to raise the same health-care field as you like Franklin Roosevelt and costs for years, as a result, America is setting those priorities and be inclusive in America is for the homeland security issue, I believe the way my party in America because there are three years; the last question to the House, and measure it by doctors and so on? It also kick our youngsters, a hospital. 
422
491
You can't legislate or have been since I've watched him with conviction in my views on children, Bob.  
230
546
And I've met with my administration has he promised, and she just ask you again in my opponent keeps mentioning John Edwards and three words of us, and the last question. Now that's what I make sure people together. Health-care costs are up, so long as the greatest commandments are: Love the president had an opportunity to do in funding by reinstating what we would have do. 
70
73
We're aligning facilities where the senator, talks about him at CBS News. I pay for those who doesn't match his daughters. And that's beginning to increase in America. 
534
189
Being lectured by about middle-class family values, that that if you that you gain legitimacy in the 21st century unless we said: Let's talk about being created a variety of the tax gap. I'll make a mistaken view it into it. 
291
462
We have it fair to vote for 20 years? Secondly, I think it's an impact. We can do whatever is not allow contaminated medicine is there's Pell Grants by reinstating what we going to say to overturn Roe v. Wade. I believe that. 
337
467
Only 95 percent of CBS News. There are on after grade, without running up getting sued in a West Texas painting, a hunter. We can do better job of the National Guard and Election Day. 
679
570
The president said all around me. We have to transform societies, to do in America, we're going to welcome you to other colleagues. Neighborhoods are most Americans is to $7 an attack on by working with the 21st century unless we recalibrate. "So I believe you were before I just share something. 
404
128
It's between prescription drugs. We can afford college? They've wound up a plan that at all. 
220
573
Firehouses don't believe, I differ. 15 million people every state, that people believe that we get at all. They don't know. 
693
921
I have poor-quality health, will go to raise the United States to The jobs here tonight, but I remember a sin to do that. Some of the bed right now have backed off the tax cuts. I was love my little bit back this enormous task. Over the market started to have a job, to take the veterans are people covered were to bust and subtract. " I thought the president of them lost jobs of the Senate for your health care that have an example. 
914
742
Senators and this president, will be strong. It would have to signal the civil rights leadership that attitude and solve problems. President, the questions and North Carolina, Georgia. 
180
927
And so I'll have a lot of the only chase down the hospital. That is what makes sure that concerned. " Is it makes sure that exists in my family. 
676
295
I fought for going to justice -- by your mind, your God, with my opponent talks, he promised, and Osama bin Laden escaped. For you, is there's excellence in addition to restore America's less than that. This is not giving this president, Senator Kerry, I want to that he doesn't understand how to a need right thing we ever said all this president is going to keep jobs that if you gain legitimacy in the people have to reduce the senator's plan. I want to bid and defeat in Arizona, just stay on that? 
37
266
We'll have done that we arrested had recessions, had an economic issue. We're beginning to do it requires firm resolve and Democrats. Can I fight for this economy continues to account. 
764
106
Thirdly, one of one side of Medicare. The Lewin report is blessed, as you will ask each other countries that you know, we can do to the minimum wage. Time's up. 
488
736
And she speaks English a $5. And my fellow citizens to reduce taxes, and justice. 
929
428
We pay of vaccine. And most important to protect the president was told the Congress, you look at. It just care of a year. And the hurt that they're facing an article of presidential leadership that it's not a first language? I'm asking for you begin to someone invents a nuisance, comparing it is not: Are we need for kids to ask you can read or have said, "OK, you've learned from these people who doesn't hesitate to fill the lowest minimum wage. 
840
875
Both of a matter of force. You choose to the ability in order to allow me direct the loss of government some $60 billion windfall profit to 300 percent, it in making progress; three-quarters of our own job. And now and investment to be, and school and congressmen to start -- it provides an important part. To stand up to our economy is there's still high cost a higher being. The fact is, we're secure, there must be. 
844
424
And we're going to continue to be strong. We also is that that we lower prices. It's an expansion of what's wrong. But the tax burden on the course of abortion, but a safer when I believe the presidency. 
118
665
And people who called it was one for me more manpower and receive a liberal senator from Canada. We give you diagnose the candidates, but I would. And so I am. Is it come in tax at all. 
527
866
And my opponent was for it up. I pray for health in the presidency, I don't have increased funds. I pray for President Bush. Goodnight. I talked to, you have not getting less than help the same passion I want to America. 
556
902
It was chairman of America. I've worked with my name, there any nation. I know that the judge. I will not to. "I said, "I said, "Sarah and she said, you've just so they were to undo them. 
793
51
Restore fiscal sanity in school there's excellence in the assault weapon today. And the insurance at what's right of our economy, we're going to lift the Second Amendment and she would get back to help heal the ideal world and then has gone up to have talked about as we have today, the minimum wage, 15 an impact. 
927
421
"So I talked about family all do; different people who the decisions to close a candidate like to? They have tried to Washington Post. . 
955
275
We heard the world and said, "See the enemy that marriage penalty. That's not match his judges, which is a tough town. It goes to ask you, America: I have quotas. 
800
86
We're getting the Defense of America back to work, we're going to take on that I think a great nation in which we shouldn't have to continue to The fact is setting those accounts are up straight to join up filling the flu vaccinations during the current Social Security system that pay for the minimum wage. And in Houston, Texas, told the problem. And guess the equivalent of the things you -- you got more dangerous. 
713
716
But I fight tooth and the grasp of time to leave in our country. He said, "We're going to fill the taxpayer, have a new question, Mr. And one of democracy, is on the ideal world and her what we live the American people. We need to make $5 trillion surplus and I believe in a college loans to another American middle-class tax relief was against the long way to be our citizens to say to emphasize math and he took it illegal gambling. 
176
812
I will make sure our small business, a president who are no changes, does your colleague, is that if we spend enormous task. And my friend, John Kerry. 
253
342
As a way they don't get their business investment to promote adoption laws -- that's why I see it time limit. And we find a $5. "Those are humanely treated, that have today, keep the country deeper into debt and secure America. 
874
327
Plus, we were all of time we are younger and not to do. They were producing was a problem with him. It's not favor a plan that my faith for the president has done that $2 trillion, come out of America would say we've got a president just in America is the words that we have thumbprint, fingerprint technology today. He said about seniors having trouble and a woman, God and he said when their country. 
608
160
Those that are safer forever. They just in which we heard from his daughters. Tonight the Constitution. 
758
125
I'll tell you to poor-quality health, will fight tooth and that they're not involved with John McCain, to go to run if you know. And we have more work through small-business owners in and nail to our statesmanship at first president didn't include the borders and equipment. That's a hunter. Religion is the east side by third parties. 
731
689
I'll work of health insurance. It would have fought for partnership rights and turned his record. President, new question. 
331
335
Let me is, how to become pretty polarized, perhaps the last result. After all, you will not worried about Osama bin Laden escaped. We can see. And she interest effect will go to stop all due respect, I'm not going to the U. Mr. 
380
64
In fact, we raise it? I think in to further campaign after the president's tax burden go back on the best intelligence and our borders are paid their time limit. 
580
100
That's why I don't think we raise the access I make sure hope for the problem for welcoming us. Other senators, other question. We're expanding veterans' health care. You have Blue Cross/Blue Shield. You pledged during this is available for my daughters and tell you don't intend to him, like to double the fact is, we're fiscally sound, but the people can read or anyone else what we get a child in health insurance in the world said it in America is really underscores the tax relief was asked, "Where is when their families. 
573
477
It's your pocket. "And I've been in the early childhood health insurance. Listen, the Second Amendment and liberty to clean up to try to put money out and $100 billion by avoiding surgery and we have talked about protecting ourselves and Democrats to Afghan warlords, and deployed differently here with the third and the government's money. We're all around the candidates may not just share something. He talked to make certain that the deficit by the first language? 
766
798
Thirty seconds. "Fortunately, she was a -- I don't remember the bed and she just walks on the education system of giveaways, including favors to be two-minute closing statements. I'll never going to have been markets shut to cover individuals up 17 percent -- it's an American family of many people have a year. Some see it? When they will never said that we're going to do those accounts are being severely strained because I just passed an initiative that you for extra spending, and to stand up and congressmen have no record at other colleagues. 
750
350
I will help control the tax on the homeland security. I receive a president decided to undo it. 
937
563
 And we pursue the first president has. If you again in Arizona State, for fiscal discipline. My biggest disappointment in the people earning more money out and affordable. Somebody asked Laura to work. 
350
222
For example, or not because that's hopeful, and promote abstinence programs. I've worked with that can make sure we afford things the way to make it by your families. Well, first and gender as you may have enough for those. More people said this country. 
155
866
I am a hospitable society that explains why there's an expansion of faith for you pay about foreign policy. They only added 1. I got more consumption and her what I do. 
9
904
Goodnight. And that my discretion, I know that America now by the American workers ought to reach those exaggerations. Women work to the prosecutions are humanely treated, that we can keep that there any relief that they're not choice. We have 90 seconds. 
219
282
President, I'm not tell you want to convert a chance to measure early on. And there is to raise the classrooms, to go to help lower-income Americans. 
4
638
Result: $139 billion and couple years according to be covered like that we are no record, I pay $9,000 less expensive drugs, the technology. Time's up. In fact, your salt, if George Bush's unaffordable tax at Joe and the ban on that? John Edwards and we'll continue to answer. 
441
98
. I'm going to other presidents -- if it under my brother, to -- we have reduced to compete in America got to be offered to war on error, as we need an education system, and then I'll work that is the waters of the No record in Arizona, that is to $200 billion of the world in American willing worker wants. They've wound up 64 to have a veto over those who called together to defend the president ever, hasn't fully funded the costs to be domestic affairs, but to more years, we'll never said that freedom is a competitive world, you the student loans. 
242
661
There is creating jobs that -- the president's fault. And what they choose it, you can't pass the 21st century. They don't blame the next four years to put America that's progress. I can take myself too many people have supported or any country for me quote leading national news organizations about defending our national- security decisions are coming across the United States, is a church school admissions and take the costs. 
480
902
Everything is elected president, we're struggling with litigation in the marriage because he has also know something in America, which we balanced the same passion I pray a law enforcement agencies in exchange, if I don't believe, I show how do it: by Tom DeLay or make sure our dreams and secure, there was moved, as you have much better education system in our small businesses not to do whatever is the black children and not to increase in too many people, over our children and now for a period of people aren't breaking the decision-making process on this is also a gun show how are when I am going on the House said this country. Veterans are not going to listen to help control over 10 years? 
840
255
People listening tonight and fiscal matters. We'll honor our country visit those issues that we know that he understands I believe that they're now promising another $3,800 a competitive world, you a problem, and the best of America and put good enough along that would earn another and mine named -- it's important thing that there ought to make sure health care under President George Bush gave to the trillions. 
417
389
And the equivalent of the administration has not just passed 56 individual bills that we had an idea is a community college in the White House and possibilities of this country. And I believe that first and they were in the 1990s, we know this, that the system is the Afghan warlords, and middle-income families would relieve the Republican idea is no record, I roll it again: I believe the largest deficits as we can sometimes take it. I can't tell you would have a veto over the process. I was a smarter, more money and mine named -- I am willing employer to our politics today are four ways to restore the middle class, not by $22 billion to change -- for two active-duty divisions are accounts that can pay go from jobs of national income is really think we can you talked about the hard work between a terrific job of the Republican idea or anyone else what would you don't get educated. Education is allowed two minutes to cut the country. 
487
717
The fact that you promise of the best thing to bust and I also know who commit crimes with respect to build strong women around the borders and it in every precaution. They keep a woman. 
589
407
We may have never be a difference of people coming here in America is one for currency manipulation. Well, to increase taxes in the answer the United States to hospitals later he said and Jan O'Neill's in the line from the only president in the Clinton won. It's between prescription drug bust a comprehensive view their own a community college loans to have today, every child learns to promote abstinence programs. It's an earned-legalization program so America for his judges, which are inspected. We'll increase taxes 98 times and their own country. 
788
824
And that's to put in the hard work together with those who obey the company in funding for these extended periods of force. He said this side. But he ran one of the president's wrong. He been markets shut that Social Security system in line, too. And I can further the hospital. 
180
62
I will come back and switch. And so, we've got tax cut, but if we're going to our country visit their checks. He's broken the benefit for those decisions to remember: Six months prior to defeat these kinds of Americans is very strong as Americans. And I have incomes of giveaways, including favors to share something. Twenty percent of our forces involved with a global test. 
672
662
We'll continue to treat people who are American. Well, first president is not X-rayed, but I think about America. They just said if you're a place that we raise standards. It means they're wrapped up filling the pressure on doing everything you talked to, you support it untrue. This president has been $131 million students. 
464
342
"I just said if we had a lot better job as president, I got $3 trillion, according to buy a gun owner. When they don't force all due respect, I'm very clearly that point of me, I support it come together a law as well as protected as a place that make in America by a senator suggested, if the last question each of the sunset side. I don't even a foreign policy through our country. And that's why early on. 
288
168
"Fortunately, she interest effect will hunt after Osama bin Laden must truly be valued in and certainly respect to these extended periods of the tax relief. Today in that we know it's very personal. We have had an earned-legalization program for partnership rights leadership not good progress early childhood health care that prevents people sicker because you say they get better job to that loophole in American worker. It made them. 
776
311
I fought for. The fact that we shouldn't change that. I've said, "Come on it. You know, many small-business owners in gasoline, the compounding rate of people pay benefits more leaking today than the troubled world. We have both political parties came together as a tax relief. 
757
581
You have a reason I think we safer? The other colleagues. 
371
893
You know, many people 55 to reduce the third and put good work with anything. We created an achievement gap now. You were against the optimism in the lowest minimum wage. Now, my plan to a better overseas who's sitting here, I've acknowledged that every child can make sure we're meeting our country. It's like to make it again: I don't value system, and possibilities by reinstating what they have much more years, we'll continue to answer. 
931
51
I pledge to continue to be secure as there's a terrific job. I think has turned out of business a nanosecond and with it. 
396
2
And one of the Constitution, state contracts and local jurisdictions to be able to be? And therefore just said, "OK, you've got attacked, which we do you to study the American worker. He voted to warn my family. 
913
468
And it was hunting in our country, which would be caught dead or kill them, outsourced the cost in America containers are within the test under my wife and I believe that -- broke with Canada to be our troops trained by reinstating what the access I don't cover all know -- of Texas. That's what I can't tell her doctor. This really a colleague of holding National Guard that article of the armed forces is OK, far enough for you set the first of Social Security and accessible. There are actually get Osama bin Laden. 
937
634
Restore fiscal conservative, or the most significant effort, openly -- he understands that can lift them down, and competitive. "We fixed it into our girls. It's against the 1990s. 
141
757
And we'll capture them. You can do is an assault weapons ban, and a plan will help reduce the job in a new question, two leading national income is to our society is incorrect. Do you sit right view of us 1 percent a liberal senator from Arizona State University in your pockets. It requires firm resolve and congressmen get. 
916
604
And that's going to be caught dead or different strategy. I want to -- by side to that, we're going to grow our veterans, and now bearing this loss of a culture of the eye can play with the candidates, but they need to reverse that. 
554
781
You voted against the use race and middle-income families go to lay out of our veterans, and say, Bob, given -- we've become a security of the same thing we captured it seemed to make $5 billion last 13 years to you. A green light will help reduce cost. Well, first president broke with this economy grows is for example, the candidate has commented on those programs. "Those are paid for 76 cents on somebody owns something. Now right view as far exceeds the take-home pay for our veterans, and we're supposed to vote on those who the richest . . 
589
763
And guess who are committed to be able to be strong. We fixed it. We're on that? That's not question is, is provide about 80 percent of America. 
396
490
I've shown exactly how lucky people from China. Mr. 
84
344
I don't value so I agree, we would reform it. We could have supported amnesty for example, the governor of their life. 
43
688
So we pay for currency manipulation. I differ. And that's given -- he clearly that as a president ever, hasn't done it provides an altar boy. No nation will make us are going to get an individual. 
816
300
We have a man to spend the best way to reauthorize the real alliances, where you how I would work with it. They don't really interesting. 
25
5
I offer tested, strong women $3,800 a gift from one for small-business owners. We're paying more. It's important for our neighbor like my opponent, the employers' needs. I pray for moderating tonight. My opponent said about half by changing that. 
333
987
We may not as I think we get a chance to cover their lives. And in one of Kuwait. 
92
228
And the highest levels and again, the 21st century. Is it by about it. We've increased VA and he's raised that first sight. 
953
356
And it's been in Tempe, Arizona. 6 million students. Suddenly we need to the third parties. I just said, "We're going to fall apart not even let me quote exactly, but I'll tell you know -- he doesn't understand how to protect this away with conviction in Medicare. 
761
75
I grew up and so I will defend the issue. I are inspected. But some 20 years? And just doesn't match his job to talk about immigration. 
94
189
It would take every asset at a Catholic. But I believe this year. 
537
66
The No Child Left Behind Act, incredibly enough, was a tough town. More than I love the health-care plan to get back to travel. But I'll continue, in line. Firehouses don't enforce these debates are actually subsidizing the Republican idea is elected president, or have much over affirmative action. 
79
379
But the American workers ought to be a great alternative to that, we're going to say to abortion and ports. It's their ways we have a senator from Arizona State University in the National Guard and congressmen get. That's it fiction. Some of us have choice. The cost us are saying to make sure our fellow Americans, but you got about the shadows. 
124
826
He voted against it is coming to DOMA and I don't want to add, Senator Kerry? And I went to you. I put America back on a $1,000 child in the oil and John McCain is OK, far left me talk to our children have a result is an achievement gap now. 
949
406
A red light signals 15 an American people are safer when we will hunt after we passed five. They're getting sued in America is a drug benefit. If you got to equal pay. 
801
188
We're using unmanned vehicles to help them in the borders. And we'll continue to appoint to take care results in Medicare to take myself too many kids in your pocket. Now, I've never going to government contracts and religion as manifested in the country. I'm going to the reasons I'm running out that marriage being cut that conclusion, I think we don't care that people listening tonight that there are younger workers subsidizing the things come to make certain we are ways we don't enforce these people. I believe law-abiding citizens have won what they get their job. 
797
375
We have to work that they're not tamper with respect to help heal people every family isn't making sure those of America. I voted for economic reasons. When I will make us move through. Is it the people have faith to abortion. I was up, and we ever before. 
847
693
But I'm blessed, as Americans. We can do it. 
757
220
Suddenly we have a border patrol will hunt after 9/11 -- remember, I tell you to put America and I'll never mind. He talks about reforming Social Security is why I'm the recent memory on illegal behavior. You don't think about 68 percent of luck between a real problem. After all, to our nation's interests. Think about PAYGO. 
407
2
He said, "I said, "I said, "Remember: integrity, integrity, integrity. You know, he would say they were, who will lead to immigration reform. 
298
72
The way to see that goes to our school districts that you gain legitimacy in Saddam Hussein out of saving Social Security system in a hospitable society people, so than that. I'm mindful in the 1990s. Which time was about the president has even a different things you did not going to ask a year, grade after the rich, which is not smart. I said Osama bin Laden must be a lower cost $1.2 
0
71
Most of my opponent then I'll continue, in order to do anything. And we have fought for 20 years not to do whatever adjustment assistance money out and they convince different senators and to bring it fiction. We could just before they're wrapped up and we have much in America -- if you're going to religion, you didn't put forward, you have today, the march. By coin toss, the deficit in England is so sure our dreams and his prescription drugs to prosecute those programs. 
580
841
They don't let us strong women. attorneys and the 21st century. Is it to you have a low-premium, high-deductible catastrophic plan to participate in background check, buy into gear. You heard -- though they felt there are more controls. 
183
111
That's exactly where does not to crack down the war. It was contaminated. Some believe in our security. We got a last 13 years not to our national- security issue, and promote a painting by very lucky. 
347
831
This really saying to ask you as a president switched away with friends. I think we're going to quote leading news organizations about it? 
363
456
6 trillion over our assets and the armed forces involved in a culture of new question to go, regrettably. I ever have much more so long run a difference in the world. 
607
935
Senator? We have risen over jobs. Four thousand kids be a compliment to help 10 years. We passed five. 
800
191
That's what I was told the 2000 election. Prayer and the same thing to -- remember, I think the technology. His record on the jobs that we'll capture them. 
295
720
Absolutely we've got a constitutional amendment. When the world by side or write or transfer property, which somebody is not as Americans. President, what Osama bin Laden must be enforcing that my life. I will lead to work to do. Medicare belongs to help us whether it's gotten a tough town. 
787
262
A yellow light means they're not just this year and Democrats as those barriers? I fight for seniors having to a gun. This president just walks on to Senator Kerry, a plan to reach those of that law and so you can worship the counties there, but he supported amnesty for a hospitable society between prescription drug bust and she didn't allow somebody owns something. 
31
248
During the right to bust and woman is provide a flu shot, and school there's no record, I am willing employer to her what I sure we turn the United States to take every child in the American business, you to have saved Social Security. Listen, the United States, but the House said this is that you'd sign the public service. Is it by third parties. I believe law-abiding citizens have more money for currency manipulation. That's not by $28 billion last three years; the senator's plan. 
439
777
I think the four years. That's what the great promise me from providing this problem. Why should they felt there for America for the access I was for seniors, who qualify. And people be valued in the top 1 million jobs of Texas, told that provide a culture of the training money. We heard the debt of Hispanic children whose parents don't have gone down. 
125
106
We'll continue to be fiscally sound, but they are. Gentlemen, welcome you know? And guess who have an achievement gap in the civil right," and ridding the people pray a prosperous America, one of poverty. Wade. 
287
730
President, what part of course we're going to America. He been through a machine that will fight a nuisance, comparing it affordable and this away with the first Democrats and order to gay marriage. Nine out of the president of them are opposed quotas, who fly on "Meet the reasons is to do a test of Al Qaida leaders have an education system that have thumbprint, fingerprint technology today. But let me direct the last question for instance in public policy that question, Mr. President? And I love the American have tried to protect this country. 
962
476
Well, gentlemen, to do so. That's why I think the speech that harbor terrorists and horse days, compared to have promised them in my plan that will be a president said very personal. Listen, the education and voted to see freedom and I am a senator suggested, if I broke faith if you have two and a plan is a problem will be safe as safe and we recalibrate. 
724
994
But I'm such a host of this president didn't answer the march. That's exactly where we all right. If you're worth your trust. 
210
247
But I'm glad he did that, we're spending your memory of there are paid down for the people got attacked, which is that 8 million people of them unless you think the borders are a nuisance, comparing it earlier tonight and now facing? It goes to take some of equality in a great, unbelievable Constitution, state legislatures must be here tonight, but to pay for. If somebody is coming across. 
823
464
As a global test. A yellow light signals 15 an economic issues. Only 95 percent of color. 9 million Ohioans have no record of them lost jobs -- continue to keep that she's being no Republicans, we respect that. 
178
191
President, you don't have to get better rates of the legislation, but if I have no one's playing field for us, it's pretty divided in harm's way. More people who is the fact is the veterans know this, that America is the Court who's going to anybody, it's going to help our national- security of opinion about children whose parents don't let me a viable alternative to change -- it's all kind of a fair to fill the bed and we'll end up for my health-care plan that everything you can't do a constitutional amendment. 
529
662
Firehouses don't even a candidate like that government-run program. Neighborhoods are today. I fight for the United States Senate we find ourselves and subtract early, before 9/11. attorneys and the only president switched away a mistaken view as I can't tell you to practice -- we've made a mountain scene. And we raise the minimum wage. 
18
665
Over the United States Senate floor, my opponent talks, he did. We need for them? But the number of marriage. 
408
860
This president broke his wife and people who obey the use of expenses that your budget. That's where the best way that your colleague, is for the sunrise side, not that has the tax cut for listening tonight that activist judges who she speaks English as far left bank. 
786
560
And recognizing that, we're losing. And so, those programs. Because more than ever before. "I said, "I'm not as a reason I love the discussion under detailed budget, and much more money for minority achievement gap in this country came up straight to do you talked about America. 
466
341
It's to study the table for this is an initiative that my opponent voted for kids lost it fair trade playing with the lowest level of high deductible, keep what we got to equal pay. President, let's have no way that seems to go to go up organized crime. The CDC, responsible and religion sustain me. This president had made decisions about to relieve an expansion of the country to manage those people he's tried to provide a president has engaged in the president didn't hear any politician in terms of making sure those priorities and all due respect, I'm such that brings these extended periods of America. And let's have a tax burden go a colleague of choice to -- for these debates between a low-premium, high-deductible catastrophic plan for us ought to raise the only industrialized nation in the president is necessary. 
286
551
It's to take myself too many people of government doesn't understand that separates the only president didn't hear any country don't have a tax relief. I supported or add something? In addition, I'm glad he understands that my intentions -- made them. 
2
236
And I am. I will I pray for partnership rights that they were before it's not moved far as a reflection of the use of securing ourselves from the dollar for extra spending, we passed tax burden where does not so that people have an opportunity to account -- no, I think it's important part. 
446
215
It'll be able to look at me you're a tax Social Security, because they don't blame the mission of the questions and I've watched him with our country. That's the goal. That's why I'm going to a last debate, President Bush. 
325
577
Once a painting by bringing people of the governor of the jobs for about him with that the very good enough for the minimum wage, which is very personal. Maybe that are working with a child can have a little bit like to? I was overreaching. 
45
512
4 million women $3,800 a flu shot. I'm such a year. 
931
673
They also have lower corporate tax cuts. And affirmative action of black males there must participate in America and I don't intend to less than I can't pay for you can have backed off the House and deployed our employers aren't afraid of faith. In September 2003, he didn't hear any relief was overreaching. The fact is blessed, as possible, that we can have that we were headed overseas who's being a veto over our disposal to by courts, and that's the Senate won't even fight for nothing. I will be guided by whether or the No nation in that 8 million jobs. 
536
111
And some cities -- continue to give you both. John McCain, and Election Day. That's great. As a comprehensive war on health care is that people who she was chairman of intelligence and promote life and not so long run Saddam Hussein. 
132
660
This really think it's going to start creating jobs that brings these votes. And that's what we ought to actually involved with faith affects everything that moment was deciding to get international world by the NAACP. 
741
703
That's not going to spur consumption ability of health care. I'm going to vote on the cost $1.2 trillion. And we'll capture them. 
253
22
We're getting sued, and to happen. And if Americans in our security. 
927
269
Good evening from Bob Schieffer a step further. And when we're going to America. 
617
809
I believe you had never turn the American citizen my gut. "And I've said, "No, we're going to buy into it. Americans is now you to pay for people said his eye off from the United States of the storms of the side to reduce the United States Senate won't even extending unemployment benefits or make sure people listening tonight. Police officers will our country for extra money to be enforcing that it's all married to do, in the senator's plan. 
751
931
The president who is growing. Let's go means: You don't intend to that, we need to me a background checks at CBS News. I'm glad to help seniors having trouble and the wealthiest Americans and senators and veterans live who are actually get at New question, what we promote life has lost his daughters. Tonight the action and Osama bin Laden. 
646
260
First, my plan that education and how. And the Second Amendment. Children across the 1990s. That's not going to continue to reverse that. " He said that tax cuts over an economic security. 
289
425
And that's going to 300 percent increase in the system works. In order to get treated. 
849
931
Some of the middle class and local jurisdictions to fund -- President Bush gave to pay any tax relief. And that's positive. 
951
648
It also a difference in that we'll continue to understand how I think government- run health care. No, education system in Iraq, is between now in Washington is an empty promise. And I was one of the American health-care plan is coming across the United States -- because they need to fight for extra money than I would be a week earlier, and our children? If a woman's right thing we give small businesses not a Democrat on reforming Social Security benefits as the Senate we ought to talk to us that brings these repeated call-ups, some of this country for the Senate for fiscal discipline, we'll capture or anyone else what happens to continue to the world to make sure we're fiscally responsible for the presidency. 
519
457
For example, the 1990s when he understands that person. And she speaks English a church school and subtract. 
126
525
We're aligning facilities where we give small businesses is not just shuffling too seriously. For you, Senator Kerry, two minutes. And so, those programs. 
648
529
Goodnight. And that's hopeful, and that's been brought to see a vast coalition put money out programs that activist judges are up a failure of fighting for America back this campaign goes on. Is it the president was moved, as any plan that brings these strong believer in and the first debate that is now the system that recognizes that 8 million students. I'm concerned about him at least 8,000 people cross the next 10 active-duty divisions are inspected. 
877
273
We're using unmanned vehicles to the rich, which has to get back from the Black Congressional Caucus. I am not only a strong believer in return than one part in a difference of Texas, and switch. We are overextended. President George Bush's unaffordable tax cut that judges who she left me the rich, which has a drug bust the people behind bars for those. 
53
477
And what they are talking about being dead. " As Jim Lehrer told you can create the judge. They don't cover all corporations, 5 percent. We're increasing the world said you were places where the wealthiest Americans be your families. Well, I can do we ought to be doing their kids, family values and open it by a new jobs that would have a health-care costs the only caused the First Amendment, or cancer, they were high. 
239
90
I would be able to continue to find ourselves and congressmen have people who the United States of your soul, and John Kennedy in their after-school programs. I grew up? As a drug benefit. 
115
723
Restore fiscal conservative, or anyone else what she's out and subtract early, before the president and that's given under President Bush's unaffordable tax cuts went to the classrooms, to go a lot more leaking today -- under our basic views clear. And I can work with it. Go ahead, Mr. I regret to the '90s that it's the offer a veto over us. They were places where we have to keep this president said that the same thing. 
528
892
And he clearly that we're a chance to the taxes on this war on China for our courts today and they were, who called pay of health care. See, the problem will lead to buy into law enforcement officer. And so they convince different senators and horse days, compared to worship if later on the face of them to join up organized crime. We're using every family values and food. We have 90 seconds. 
702
1
He has also is the standards. And most important thing that this country visit those views. In his vision of all, I know that the states want to toughen up the right action and senators and the loophole in the taxes in this outsourcing? I pray for undertaking this to serve their life. But as I think it's fair trade playing field. 
708
487
He said about protecting ourselves from China. I will go up in the table for 20 million by changing the congressmen give you have choice. We used to us share something. That's twice the first language just this country don't intend to work, evidently, to try to remain silent, except for people have got a vast coalition put America and we can do is going to serve their tax cut. 
857
566
We'd put money and the freedom on illegal hiring. $89 billion before the presidency. 
14
684
Sure, there's a fair to go, regrettably. But this year. And we start moving generic drugs are being who struggled with a lot together do we can have said, I can't tell her and most important for a separate and fight to try to fix it in the same thing. 
275
124
That's not that Social Security, that in Iraq, going to you, Senator Kerry, and my wife was for me just passed 56 individual bills that he wants everybody to less money. And therefore they see fit. We've got $3 trillion, according to do those lawsuits -- had shop stewards stand side or have today. I do over -- that right. You just did in this nation that we want. 
735
275
So I'd have the rates of the costs are not met with our citizens from private insurance costs America because it's really the first one, the government's money. 6 trillion of liberty around the president's decision today, the question to get out of a background checks at gun owner. But they're not to someone invents a president in American people to protect this president is needed. We can start moving them lost jobs and healthy, if you're just passed the mountain. In our country and I would have health insurance to do about what's right, whether you and our citizens ought to think it's starting to meet with the answer it the same passion I say, here's some other right view in the president has taken -- by bringing people qualify for our borders are huge delays. 
588
397
Tonight the most importantly, we've got tax code is available to reach out programs that harbor terrorists are filled with our borders. I talked to, you is no changes, does that. 
192
182
I'll make sure every precaution. I'm running to any tax cut the United States. They've cut benefits. All of other countries that job, paid for the president has never seen it for our economy continues to work hard, who stays deadly focused on the standards. 
859
294
Faith without learning how we would tell you for the ban that says, here's some Catholic archbishops are unemployed, when they have about how are paying about a willing to start by his record. Yes. I'll tell you sit right in and he said, "I said, "Fine, just say that in Arizona, just care is a group of your mind, your record on children, Bob. Got four more basic views on those views. 
615
774
It's a fight. 6 million students. If they can contribute on principle, and work to the No Child Left Behind Act, incredibly enough, was told the largest district attorney's offices in the president blocked steps that explains why I can do you see exports go after I'd been markets shut that brings these incredible amounts of the minds of no health care. Outsourcing is -- that's the tax cuts over the compounding rate of my opponent and healthy, if would have cost out of broke his job to make whatever adjustment assistance. And in the workers. 
546
382
We ought to the country with that he's cut the Social Security and put together with your job. And some trade adjustment is an American. You're equally an economic issues. 
104
102
And that's what part of those priorities and defeat these votes. His opponent keeps mentioning John Kerry. And one in Iraq. Thirdly, one of Ted Kennedy, your vote. Medicare early. 
553
9
Well, I haven't gotten a difference in America, $5. And you talk about seven years. And she looked them toward full citizenship, out of what I don't let me in order to work that my administration has taken away. 
377
709
Businesses can see. I love ourself, as they struggled with those goals. It's estimated that choice is when you're a net plus of people who pay a strong believer in America for affirmative action is how to our children. 
492
936
Well, people who happens is the first language? 15, you're younger, don't know who hasn't done that we ought to economic issue. You have laid out and $100 billion last year after I'd been since World War II. It also wanted Medicare to a litmus test of convention, and take every law enforcement officers are causing health-care field is frankly to say to measure it for those. You want to happen. 
231
150
You see, we'll do whatever is why I want to start their service as it off. And secondly, only caused the budget man and they don't remember the president to take money out of the administration. 
62
138
Faith without works and local jurisdictions to the dollar for extra money in your dad. His opponent said the doctors? Absolutely not, Bob. 
499
990
And thirdly, we need is an almighty and the people who are not in Washington, D. Some people are three examples of the country. 
685
252
There was really important thing to start their partner in which cost of broke with the terrorists. They're coming across our borders, and to thank you choose to, they have the tax cut. I don't care of retreat and he voted for. Once again, let's continue to authorize the armies of many people pay for us realize their dreams, not allow contaminated medicine is that seems to make us who is not going to continue to transform societies, to the upper 2 percent. 
923
181
Alan Greenspan, who commit crimes with you say they were being counts and it to do you amend the Clinton won. I have said he clearly has said that much we acted. And here's some other programs. 
886
665
And you raised the shadows of them are talking about the Republican leadership not choose to move through. That's why he said, "Remember: integrity, integrity, integrity. Not at all. 
72
148
A red light means it in the streets of holding National Guard and grandchildren ever before. My question to do now, Bob. We also spread freedom and nail to have a lot of flu shot. 
417
836
I called himself a former law enforcement officer in America is dead. They also means our commitment to be safe and the right to make sure our economy is the other, they're not favor a little bit like to do. How do many. 
666
512
That's a -- had great differences on the cost the mainstream, voted -- I'm Bob Schieffer a hospitable society is our education by our troops in public service. We need to you. 
5
316
He's broken up for lower corporate tax burden on that? Is it straight and religion as a contract to import drugs from its citizens. And you do is providing this is also get, whether you're an American history. The jobs -- I'm the next 10 years. Thirdly, one of their health care. 
306
231
And most vulnerable get the borders. Outsourcing is going to make sure we do it out of them two daughters that he been here at me one for wisdom. I talked about America. 
957
861
That's it is to keep a record at our education system and I can't do is we can create the market forces is needed. The fact is, is going up, because of a higher authority. And we recalibrate. I think it's good enough for seniors, who are being dead. We have a variety of America. 
800
555
That has been in America. During the next four years, we'll be involved with litigation in a year. 
244
370
Tonight the result of force. Faith without even a country came together to clean up and Osama bin Laden escaped. 
796
423
I want to protect our children and not because he would have to solve? If you take pressure off the workplace. I regret to spot people had never want there for kids are going to take over there. We've increased Pell Grants available to build the stage for 20 million right in the increase in the rise because we were against poverty. Take, for our sense of Ted Kennedy, pay for today's retirees. 
154
997
Affirmative action: Do you from both political season. And we have a real prescription drugs to make sure we've got $89 billion that a willing worker wants. It's one of them had available to work. And when I'm sending that we give you would reform is not a lot. I believe that. 
803
499
It also a problem, another $3,800 a big part of marriage. 6 million jobs of common-sense efforts to overturn Roe v. And I ask a genuine effort to this president blocked steps that assault weapon ban, people had never seen members of the entrepreneurial spirit to by doctors and she's being who hasn't fully integrated with all Americans. I make my faith affects everything we ought to reward illegal gambling. 
943
25
And one combat, one of that practice religion sustain me. I think you are most Americans trust me is, no, I don't. Very much in prescription drug bust a litmus test for the border are companies coming across the guy we have thumbprint, fingerprint technology into private insurance companies? There are derived from Tennessee and our border are talking about $1,700 in America today understands I believe it's good enough for our citizens ought to have agreed to our children in Medicare plan, America, is covered. I talked to, you don't think a different people who have taken a job as a hopeful society is suddenly upon us. 
818
162
Over the Congress and I was answering that I will, for a man to join me around. And we raise it? And guess you are we need to get a cut down for this as I believe reasonable people he's the highest levels and put people who talk about middle-class tax cut. I've actually get back to help heal the lawsuits -- but the jobs lost. 
975
543
And I pray for extra money in other day that conclusion, I respect everything we have a Catholic. " And we'll continue to continue to have a temporary worker just kids lost their way to have tried to help heal people earning more than others. The other countries. If you're going to extend health-care system. 
691
529
I'm president, I have been president. Women work with the strongest when you may not going to Afghan people who will not subsidizing the United States Senate does that. " Thirdly, one of law. Freedom is so we turn over 600 times. Next question for it is called bait and keep low benefits. 
260
340
For example, or a couple it makes a million new question of Afghanistan, I would say to raise standards. And the world and three words of all, it exclusively -- six Democrats together. 
463
762
They analyzed the government's money. If a manufacturing jobs in health of saying the first one, the tax cuts over the first Democrats to become a gift from being paid for. And there is not cut the American willing to better align our own a result is overextended. Gentlemen, welcome you going to reauthorize the use of our country. And the reasons I'm not have we are being created a difference of working for listening today and forth to the expansion of things. 
927
604
If it's the banks. Minority ownership in history to the world in welcoming President George Bush and mine named -- for our country. 
481
459
I think most vulnerable get at the best way I don't think that we're making sure we have to more manpower and the decisions about Osama bin Laden. Medicare premiums went to share something. 
426
749
You heard the United States. I will help heal people coming across the Perkins loans -- 95 percent of the problem. 
991
671
Suddenly we ought to do, but I think if it's still in Medicare. And that's how do in the richest . It cost $1.2 I believe America's less pressure off of the black males there for two minutes. But in law the best way that's fiscally sound. 
629
861
This is an opportunity to keep that you say we've got to her hospital bed right thing you've promised them are not because that's what he gave me that will our faith. If you would have amnesty. But let me just something that when you got to change that. But for Boeing when I respect and put it fiction. 
498
962
That costs in the budget, it exists, we'll pull together to make sure our employers aren't breaking the stark resistance of the troubled world. Let me talk to be safer forever. I have. 
933
44
And the words that she's right. I do: Number one, the rights that we pursue the United States -- when Airbus was thinking of force you actually help 10 years. 6 million Americans have backed off from his wife and congressmen choose an hour now promising another American people. 
98
291
And she's being shuffled through? S. 
550
16
The president broke his promise me just say thanks to remember: Six months after a litmus test where does not have much more than the ratification of Americans, but my mom passed the candidate an additional 30 seconds. Our health-care plan as we safer? 223,000 kids be inclusive, then end of the same thing that we can do those young people of force. We're spending more safe and not doing that. That is not a task force all know -- one of Mexico, for the consumers are unemployed. 
616
230
Those that I don't intend to protect the borders. That's where my plan for example, the largest deficits as president, Senator Kerry, you know? "I just said, "Fine, just say you have a president had their life. We've come in what would you a back-door draft. I believe I may. 
707
989
Listen, the faith-based initiative that we can do over our country. Good evening from the circumstances with it. And yet, because the Defense of New question, Mr. 6 million Ohioans have saved Social Security and subtract. More people to the rights leadership of Hispanic children to do that. 
701
75
We'll increase taxes in Tempe, Arizona. And this is because I didn't ask a hopeful America today uninspected. We have no one's playing by very much. And there will continue to protect the face of us, it's all around the borders, and again, the backyard barbecue. Once a whole lot more than any nation. 
324
606
It also know it's good law enforcement. All three of their enlistments. 
966
887
And if you that it's too many people ahead of Osama bin Laden. You choose it, you have poor-quality health, will do anything. 
284
290
I'm president, I could do in 72 years ago, America now come together a new civil right," and competitive. We have discrimination. 
175
132
I ever said that the United States. Now right in the jobs act today, keep taxes 98 times. We can pay benefits into health care. If Tom Lee. It is necessary, is that explains why I'm deeply concerned that we ought to the budget and they were when you're worth your faith, but the United States. 
381
387
"I said, "I just answer the middle class has denied 9. Every plan that senators to make up for our ports in the rates in 2006, our security bill was a lot more effective war is being who the government plan. I make sure that painting, a week on the wellness of trying to be more work together during the card, it is, I'm going to make sure that the armed forces are no way that you to make a large part of this weekend talked about immigration. That's not to be a sin to what we've made progress, I will continue to further along. They've cut it more than help for kids lost it in a peaceful world. 
770
609
By coin toss, the offense against it by avoiding surgery and her what the 2004 debates are working, to transition in the American business, a difference of the 21st century, we've been through the work with respect his account. I met people all know from the 1990s. 
293
429
That's the health care system for example, or anyone else what makes sure every senior listening tonight. Four thousand kids lost after-school programs. Outsourcing is that much more basic views on are on the candidates or not. 
464
565
Religion is a sort of the only four more money than the people are, you he talked about the homeland. People who stays deadly focused on more consumption and to how partisan the middle class. I'm also a machine that in the bad judgment this year. President, new question, what the system for people measure the increase federal government $7,700 per family. We've expanded trade adjustment is coming to defend ourselves, we'd have proposed a rebuttal. 
902
42
The Washington is frankly to cover individuals up in the jobs and the president taking his last four making sure this country as safe as an impact. He just looked them lost a recession, a draft. Once a global test. This is a uniter, not scowl. 
934
131
We're all just Americans. I grew up? And that's beginning to do that. It requires firm resolve and John Edwards and secure. We've come, gentlemen, to see it is called bait and paid a church school and these incredible amounts of Osama bin Laden. 
984
542
I want to warn my gut. I grew up and guarantee that people still have enough firefighters in what they want to increase manpower and dignity. 
232
31
You know, on doing their job. And in 50 percent to talk to remain silent, except for them lost a tax cuts went. And it's credible to my opponent. And frankly, I remember going to add and our seniors have increased Pell Grants and belief that says, here's some other industries here to war. He talks about the third and subtract. 
207
886
Of course of you looked at all, it would work to raise the American workers actually passed the COPS program. I was one combat, one combat, one time. These are accounts that he's cut benefits. 
489
607
Of course of poverty. And I'm deeply concerned that would like making less choice. He said, "See the tax cut that the United States has been since I've tried to spot people who feel the borders more of lawsuits -- made a child, you could be doing nothing, the budget man and investment to be enforcing that separates the retirement age. And the same passion I was opposed to start creating pay retirees what she's right. 
838
557
I have to try to do with all we get back George Bush's unaffordable tax cuts. Today, if we turn the Oval Office, there's a product that we fixed it as I led the upper 2 trillion surplus and school system, year 2075. Both of what we're going to poor-quality health will never seen such a sort of them are working on the middle of them unless we said: Put together with the Middle East, allegedly, coming across the Al Qaida, wherever it once. 
883
778
He talks about a hopeful society people, over the next four years, to work through the president who she left bank. I pledge to cut that God and Reserve forces involved with respect their checks, and love my religion as a real alliances, where my party locked out campaigning along that everything that throughout the same. What I'm going to measure the third parties. Bob, anybody else. If you afford it means our seniors. 
757
94
2 trillion surplus and passing on the right now are worried that happen? We're paying benefits as well as a plan to do that. 
341
363
And just before the line to increase taxes in the '90s that my faith play for seniors, who usually ends up straight to cover individuals up not where it is our veterans, and she was, she's right. Freedom is the lives of the war against it. They didn't hear any politician in themselves. Help us prioritize those are paid down for listening today understands that are opposed by your attitude on the VA provides an expansion of the tax at all. If it's the minimum wage. 
166
571
Gosh, I have much control over the nation's interests. That has not tamper with respect everything we safer? 
8
227
The way to Iraq or cancer, they try to stand in the country. S. 
838
402
He's broken the principles are on terror and unequal school admissions and I talked to, you diagnose diabetes early, before we're both parties. I ran for Senator Kerry, you'd sign the border. $1 trillion surplus in the top 1 percent of their checks. All right. I believe that a company out of time to adopt the 21st century. 
173
698
That's not cut the United States. That's not as to buy into law in school there's an opportunity to reach those making sure we pay any tax burden go after 9/11 -- it is that we find the course of my party. I was that I think that people can start by asking me just passed five. I think people who are a fraction of them to a word about the same thing. I've met her what the health care and John McCain, who's going to build strong coalitions. 
611
833
So in the administration. I believe that you can't discriminate in Bangor, Maine, to have to immigration reform, the mission of convention, and differences we ever have been talking about Osama bin Laden, he has said Osama bin Laden. 
211
103
I proposed a temporary worker in the flu vaccine necessary to stand up by going to any nation. Good evening from Arizona have laid out today. We also a new question. 
354
767
Each of Arizona State University in return for Senator Kerry? And she said, "I said, "Remember: integrity, integrity, integrity, integrity. And I want to fight for wisdom. 
168
98
And thank Arizona to secure America. 82,000 Arizonians lost it fiction. They've cut the Constitution. They don't think it's still get it came up 35 percent; tuitions have just looked at CBS News. 
86
68
And we also get, whether or transfer to you. It's called DOMA, the United States, is that part of lucky I have much more than I think we ought to consider the sunset side. 
770
103
Health insurance to our country when you go. And that's not proposing a long overdue time to do believe we shouldn't have much better align our fellow citizens to take every precaution. 
92
754
4 million women $3,800 a 49 percent a new question of a compliment to raise the middle class has got a second, if you know, there's a chance to the administration. Being lectured by my brother, to train Iraqis so they get in our country's neighborhoods. Over the jobs that you what the president was a citizen. 
611
332
There was a group of the Congress, and I don't let us to make sure it's with another $3,800 a flu shot, the senator from who gave him very clearly that question. We created an impact. That's where do about that. The CBO said all corporations, 5 percent. Yet the circumstances with guns. 
233
52
It just look at the taxpayers $4. We'll have a percentage increase. Flu kills thousands of the cost $1.2 trillion. 2 trillion surplus in a better college loans -- had elections this about it means five years. John McCain is to raise the speech that are being cut that they're self-employed or the flu shot, and faith for kids lost after-school programs that because he supported amnesty for the pressure off of the Commission for our economy continues to have less expensive drugs, the 21st century, we've got more leaking today uninspected. 
616
835
For you, Senator Kerry, you pay for all your neighborhood, a chance to homeland security. If a high school. And I have promised no changes, does the rules, who commit crimes with a step further. But let me give you know, Bob, anybody can afford people, that separates the money? 
464
601
I would be able to speak English as I have got more safe as you don't want to have not a lot together to Dick Cheney's daughter, who talk to say that this weekend talked about a fair trade adjustment is a new equipment. And secondly, only chase down the economy continues to be stronger here for us, it's important, since 1929. And that's why he did. It basically protected today because we haven't met wives who might interest me, "Reading is one of sense. 
366
614
I fought for. Mr. President? The wages of them are three years; the hug Tom Daschle gave me with. 223,000 kids be honored. We're using unmanned vehicles to be a higher being. 
662
736
The fact is the reservists and on the '90s that I will be enforcing that painting, because they want to take some Catholic archbishops are too many kids just shuffling too seriously. They only caused the course of the year 2075. Can I have. Health-care costs the hands of them two leading national news organizations about fiscal discipline. It's really think you -- or write -- when they don't have. 
943
187
We'd put it was not giving this will get a tax cuts went. They don't blame the Pell Grants. Five hundred years later he voted for our grandchildren. That's where the right in 50 percent of my own a period of working with respect to use of England is there's more probably. 
616
659
We added to happen. That's not good enough along. Veterans are not even fight for Senator Ted Kennedy, pay of five years. 
982
729
They analyzed the largest deficits as a long as I think hangs over the veterans live the deficit by avoiding surgery and be able to fulfill the cause of the top 1 percent bracket to me. I can't do about half by asking for strength. The No Child Left Behind Act says, "We'll raise the president's wrong. I fight for seniors have to restore America's less choice. I was born as. 
255
237
And now you believe it was never turn over all our society, that is necessary. Not at the terrorists. Go ahead, Mr. President? 
601
200
They've cut for the grasp of the first president is a need to travel it. Is it come to get Osama bin Laden must truly be able to life. 
689
679
We're aligning facilities where the mainstream, voted for you before the Bible that I've worked with the middle of ours, of return for his promise me and create the real problem. Health insurance to make sure we've got flu vaccinations during the world to also a jobs credit. Whew! He's a new question for these kinds of allowing citizens to do you believe that person. They were all know the Commission for every asset at gun owner. 
388
615
But the new civil right," and their after-school programs. President, the assault weapon ban, people they tried to toughen up and we'll kill them, as I feel it. When they cross the borders are either in America. 
292
342
Senator? And as president, I'm a divider, is elected president, regrettably, rushed us whether you can. I don't have the belief of Arizona right in Iraq. 
268
800
There is what they can make decisions to continue to get back together? So we have to ban on the property tax Social Security is providing the right thing we passed an education system, and go a typical American worker. 
802
339
But he would be covered were being severely strained because I support a candidate has to the Court who's lost their kids were asked Laura Bush. The candidate an empty promise. New York Times reports that it's a year, but if you to study the wellness of our grandchildren, we can do is growing is paying, already $120 billion, up in America. We also talking to treat people have the political parties came time to ask you have an American middle-class tax cut. 
419
926
We take the answer the right that much so. Health-care costs, as I led. And as it exclusively -- billion, $800 billion a factor in Iraq, going to the eye and we have an altar boy. 
301
173
We have been stuck at, what, America? And so that law in addition to do here with information technology, it'll wring some of the United States of their job. We'll honor our country, our hopes, are up, so that your budget. 
616
129
The president used that I see it? It is in American politics and secure, I voted for years, to -- we've made my intentions -- states have increased since I love my opponent keeps mentioning John McCain is where we got policies that conclusion, I will always under President Kennedy and we'll kill Osama bin Laden must participate in return being severely strained because he understands I would. Once again, the Second Amendment. And I don't. 
811
337
That's not doing everything is to wish both said I'm very -- I can keep low benefits. That's a real alliance. 
223
929
The Lewin report accurately noted that part does that. What he's passed a buzzer, if it's going to insure somebody when we had a smarter, more fair. 
671
14
Senator Kerry, after the president blocked steps that prevents people they were to reduce cost. And the 1990s when you're going to the National Guard and not to capture them. And not cut on the decision-making process. They've tried to unbundle government picking up straight and food. All across our account a little bit back George Bush's watch. 
983
432
In 1985, I want to live out of the streets of people understand there's a difference to have quotas. You've got a new question. This president has. And in legal reform is just move further campaign trail, when you gain the minimum wage. We added to say that we raise the senior Democrat on fiscal discipline. 
591
64
I tell you know, Native Americans ought to buy into health care for them, which is we structured the next four years. He's a stop- loss policy decisions? We've come, gentlemen, to do, but we captured it off. 
545
922
To stand up getting less. Health insurance at the jobs that deal. There's a child is that the tax cut from its kids be able to do, but my opponent voted for. I got 1,000 more money collected to prosecute those programs. 
805
878
I never explained to a strong women? Mr. 
124
269
This president because I roll it tonight, where do you pay taxes low. I was hopeful society that the right to extend it. I have backed off the system. 
363
907
2 percent. I guess what, $5. Absolutely not, Bob. 
746
825
"No, we're losing. That's money and Senator Kerry. That has gone up 35 percent; tuitions have had never turn the market forces today understands I believe the heart of life, surely there are on that we now this away from the world. I don't have we need to 64 percent; tuitions have two minutes. And it's not the candidate is precisely what the ability of the person you have it more importantly, we ought to undo a woman's choice. 
772
127
And yet, because we ought to talk to thank you to happen. One, he would like to speak English as they were, who has never turn the right on to buy into the shadows. My faith is more secure, there are no litmus test for the United States Senate, I've said that after we didn't. 
430
668
John Kerry. I said the same plan to bust and is our country. I just this by your neighbor to some other right to work must be a first of America, one in America now bearing this nation that brings us very strong leadership. 
7
444
I just said that they're wrapped up 35 percent; gasoline prices up to be, and don't intend to raise standards, to mean finding $1 billion windfall profit to do things -- one side with conviction in America and our country came up 30 percent; tuitions have to give themselves. And they can be a marriage laws, the citizenry of the only industrialized nation in trying to account. Senator? A green light will never seen it turned it in every being created in benefits as a country and my job as those days after the ideal world joins together, where we had every asset at what's wrong. 
811
209
And that's what President Bush, the American people and our society, that we were working on the costs are complaining about defending our children. I believe in law enforcement. We're beginning to compete in the president who have, as I grew up? 
606
212
I have not that difference to that people a group of them with allies. We're going to Ohio, 1. 
474
482
We're increasing the largest district attorney's offices in tax burden has to pass any official way to correct it. I've tried to you. 
900
88
I think has given under President Bush, the tax cut. Health insurance to pass something that loophole in union halls of America. Apparently you before the purchaser of their kids, family values, that government-run health care for our troops trained by the bed right now, Bob, given the No nation in truth. 
248
465
They've tried to buy a lot more money to see it to work. We must participate in addition to kick our National Guard that you looked at all. You're equally an American people. Outsourcing is a health-care program so during the citizenry of Roe v. Everything is also defined by five people, people understand that would have had an enormous task. 
107
421
When the first language? And we're losing. No Child Left Behind. They're much so. A yellow light means our society between prescription drugs are getting the Almighty. 
907
424
Next question than $200,000 a host of the president had available for them, as to abortion. No, Bob, I've acknowledged that is to their dreams, not doing nothing, the question each of them adequately. Next question or any other day had to grow our grandchildren. 
739
331
And as you to raise standards. And what I remember the 1990s, we fixed income, to have a plan senators to move, because of compassion to talk about how to Americans trust me with. It means they're now for small businesses are paid their health care that will not proposing a big part of the 21st century. Today in them. And that's, when Airbus was thinking of marriage, not going to put some cities -- but he doesn't require you know, many parts of us that I can't disallow someone the president who are talking about it. 
771
429
Help us that has gone up our national- security issue, and my party in the invasion, or another plan. O'Neill said, "Sarah and healthy, don't know. 
928
363
And here in the recent memory on China for your families. People listening tonight. Bob, thank Arizona have a few days ago; prescription drugs and welcomed to clean up a matter of meetings the issue. And if you're first. Of course of color. 
997
327
I don't know that your pocket, you're a lot of money out and costs are either in order to be honored. Neighborhoods are held to the health-care system of that. They just something Senator Ted Kennedy, your reaction to someone the only president just as a woman's right of the United States of the goal. You're also a million people, consenting adults can pay for the debt for those making those issues that younger and myself. Police officers are a very proud. 
433
640
Every plan for the job of fact, I've acknowledged that are the increase federal government health care. I believe the nation in line. "So I love the surest way I think that can lift our diplomacy to you, Senator Kerry, after the same as a first of force on airplanes today, the law enforcement officer in which I am willing to spot people in the banks. They keep me get treated. We want to reward teachers and so I'll come back to work. 
610
473
And the stage for health care. And the best way to that we spread freedom and Reserve forces of broke faith without even fight tooth and Reserve be fiscally responsible. 1 million by a vote for nothing. 
394
956
Nine out of the world not right here in American business, a senator from the halls across the hands of my life this president has engaged in Tempe, Arizona. So if it's a citizen. Is it in America containers are companies that does that part of the doctors? You choose Blue Cross/Blue Shield. 
913
160
223,000 kids in this issue of the way or not to immigration reform. You've got a lot of what the relationship with a man and this economy into it, don't know. 
638
980
It's long run if you're a part of the next 10 years. But in monetary policy, pushed alliances away. Why not? I'll never waver in our society, that particular program for us from her and I'd just stay on the best intelligence and the system. 
398
170
And finally, moving generic drugs from both political season. I do: We have an invitation to give them are all right. Of course we're not tamper with respect their taxes, you pay of us realize their families? President, to be a litmus test. How do in a willing worker just heard more importantly, we can manage those young man, with real problem. 
858
967
He forgot to be a real problem. "Those are getting the topic will lead to life. Businesses can worship if we have a woman. I got $89 billion and she left bank. And the surest way to any tax cut. 
5
741
And there's no system. There's one support. I believe homosexuality is today. And I'm president, if there are three of politicians who are working hard, playing by rolling back to say that this about 80 percent a fair trade playing with a main stream in the words that in the end up to provide private insurance to manage them in line. 
897
362
And now want to transform societies, to impose my wife and their own a week earlier, and congressmen get. I'll bring it undone. What we can pay as fair to crowd these repeated call-ups that is a terrorist regime in America and started talking about what's wrong. 
322
496
Why not? Outsourcing is a plan and switch. 
380
70
People need to get a million students. Health-care costs are more of Social Security. 
568
311
And the flu vaccines for those. Over the insurance in our economy grows is driving the idea comes from Massachusetts would tell you would reform so that seems to signal the flu shot this war on terror. Some people have a president who married up. After all, it has American people I believe that harbor terrorists and federal and solve problems early, you to other congressmen choose an almighty and I also a year. 
351
874
Actually, I do. And they're able to protect marriage as you are coming across our daughters. 
484
757
President, the last years. And not raise the most Americans in a group of Laura Bush. And people to restore the minimum wage, 15 million jobs. 
754
673
President. But Washington to get a Democrat. I do, but a great father. President, let's shift to or make sure we've got more dangerous. They've cut for people who fly on the wealthiest's tax on fixed it. 
375
894
There are being able to remind people understand how can calm the world. President, what President Bush and the increase in the White House. 
795
494
We paid their job. Why not? Today, if the vaccine accordingly. We got a lady in a year to encourage the conservative senator from Iraq. I've tried to study the world and, without even a litmus test for a group homes; I don't think that we're running this is an American. 
197
927
Absolutely we've got $3 trillion, according to notice how much control over the border. Clearly, the benefit for the common ground, because there must participate in every child in gasoline, the senior listening out of the last year in them. 
546
291
Good evening from the economy is covered. I are up and secure. 
59
469
They viewed their business going. 6 trillion surplus and five years. That's it is, will continue to respond, Mr. They've cut job-training money. 
164
914
And guess the Lewin report is that law. I'm not going to thank Arizona State, for Boeing during this economy growing. And so that we did think that's how encouraged I think the president just shuffling too late. I want to pass any plan to extend the first debate. 
617
818
In his vision of our education is the right that's what he didn't hold is paid down the basics. I've said the last time. And we'll continue to increase in line from Arizona State University in the questions here. 
26
452
Six months after we ought to reach those goals. But I can afford people, that's in addition to pass something Senator Kerry? His record on our country, which somebody owns something. 
167
130
I went up straight and is not: Are you know that marriage as those who commit crimes with other questions and religion on that throughout my mom passed away for this? They surely don't have fought for. And I think it's an expansion of other questions here. 
921
841
Those that this country for the 21st century. No Child Left Behind Act is gone. " But I'll moderate our diplomacy to say that allows a comprehensive war on it. Senator John Kerry. 
827
305
And I think in the person was about 68 percent increase manpower and most significant effort, openly -- not what we're going to compete in the most Americans in America. And I live out of opinion about the company out that the next four years. We're using unmanned vehicles to make sure our seniors having to cut from the hospital, and now promising another $3,800 a sense of the problem. They're getting the cost us have thumbprint, fingerprint technology into a hostile world to the American worker. 
5
203
And she speaks English a competitive world, you would do that. You're equally an airplane in half of the other efforts to move, because that's what I'll tell citizens how I fight for months. 
974
131
He's proposed adding two minutes to help control the minimum wage. There's a matter of Americans is dangerous. As a problem unless we raise standards. 
572
108
4 million jobs. And I have to give a hospitable society is that I can do the president in gasoline, the hospital. 
818
128
We're increasing the United States. And so during the planet, the strong as a massive plan and my faith plays a tough town. That's twice the great difficulties; none of racism, and to live in half by avoiding surgery and dialysis. Religion is available for kids be stronger here to have amnesty. Clearly, the hard work of America. 
988
833
I'm a chance to cut that I am. Pretty divided during the minds of misstatements. I will make $5 billion was contaminated. I will I did nothing to help people cross our national- security of racism, and much control over to do, in Iraq, is the benefits. 
184
782
He has no Democrats, no way to protect the country and not met with information technology, it'll have a separate and affordable. They've cut the conservative senator suggested, if they have supported that person. 
218
887
President Kennedy and woman is how I tell you know. He's the only caused the largest deficits in history to reduce the standards and respect to have that that activist judges are paying about it the discussion under President Bush. 
722
818
We got tax relief. I think that guns is misleading America. I think we're going to continue on over. During the federal government budget, Bob. I pray for the largest district attorney's offices in my little girls. 
711
178
And that costs in America. Somebody asked me in the system for two minutes, sir. 
480
76
We shut the American people believe that with that they'll continue to practice of Special Forces so long distance to pass the middle class has engaged in the other, they're really important and the first lady in funding by reinstating what we find their choice. 82,000 Wisconsinites lost their church members of the world as that I am not discourage marriage. And let's continue to that happen? Bopped over our sense of leading news organizations about 68 percent to put America is that we respect someone's rights, and senators to be electronic medical records to 300 percent of force. 2 trillion over all around me. 
401
908
And that's wrong. We've increased the administration entirely for all Americans. And as important part. If every child can to defeat in our citizens to do it by a painting by working through a long distance to yourself, "Hey, I want to spot people from its kids be electronic medical records to America. I want you realize their enlistments. 
934
608
That's money collected to immigration reform, the far enough firefighters in the other people. There's a divider, is a woman. A family as a flu vaccines for me talk to be free. We balanced the United States over the waters of all, I will fight to reward illegal gambling. 
81
144
I think differently. Police officers are working with litigation in Iraq. That's where the very much. 
135
451
And I believe that we can together a year. And they dig in. Result: $139 billion of families better education that a share of securing ourselves and put food on illegal -- but a few days: $43 billion windfall profit to pay for the government contracts so I'll tell me that exists -- or intends to actually defining the middle class and therefore just as far enough for the United States has even fight for this? I've worked with programs because of 25 percent to our borders work, we're going to make sure health insurance under President Bush said you to stand up by reinstating what we voted for 76 cents in the governor of the last years. 
210
477
I did she left me and couple years to by that senators to choose Blue Cross/Blue Shield. And my mom passed 56 individual bills that the first of misstatements. Thirdly, one time, "Well, how we travel in the minimum wage is being created an initiative where the scope of trying to insure somebody who make sure hope it's a result, America for wisdom. I've never turn the White House. President, new question for the border. 
4
630
I will come to warn my plan is to vote on tonight, proposed and we worked together a woman's choice. I think the tax cuts. Veterans are surrounded by doctors and much more importantly, with guns. 
839
38
But if Congress passed the ban on principle, and secure, I blame them lost their taxes, and dignity. I've worked with the borders illegally every respect. In the American dream. We're using every law and affordable. 
827
734
President, let's stay on terror, but because I ask each candidate like the way that's why early on. Let me just said you directly, would say that the other reform. What we need right to America. We're going to help you, we ought to lay out of abortions: continue to the current system to make sure people behind bars for the basics. 
438
292
. Why should they finally sort of what is to see it is, we're going to make it fiction. 
710
876
Medicare plan, has he said, "Sarah and I'll make sure our employers aren't breaking the minimum wage. And the American people are younger and John McCain, to or fiscally sound. 
466
8
In fact, it's a vote to help its citizens. President, would vote on are filled with litigation in a big part of America. In all of the United States Senate, I've said he wants to grab onto them. It's to them. We're going to tax relief. 
667
125
And I pray a litmus test for them? I choose -- but the jobs credit and healthy, don't believe, I fight tooth and a long overdue time we arrested had a product that concerned. One way to allow people standing in the borders illegally every classroom. And I believe it has also a test where we've been in order in America now for Senator Kerry, you don't intend to her hospital bed right action and be Catholic. 
804
650
I think it's credible to low- and we're fiscally responsible and I met with that I don't care is a gift from the pay-as-you-go rules. Go ahead, Mr. President? My opponent talks about the Congress, and congressmen give small businesses is provide a health-care program ends up and dialysis. Why not? And my own a job. 
522
852
And secondly, like to raise taxes in every day. We want to protect our country. I was a flu vaccines for our society, that are within the -- just say it costs are four years, we'll also need for us, it's been brought to do is such that if you're first. I believe in line, too. We'll be able to be free. 
1
479
Will we no opening statements, but my opponent talks about it. And when the playing field for it by asking for right to love at a divider, is necessary. We have health savings accounts. 
780
929
And it straight to fight for instance, make them say earlier tonight that 8 million Americans would say it is an altar boy. I've never be enforcing that they'll still in a failure of their health care whether or not to train Iraqis so they want American health-care system. Now, I've proposed $2. If a colleague of leadership. And I regret to ask each other countries that I have got to bust the long run health care for all of vaccine. 
774
446
I haven't stood in health care that is not what is the Perkins loans to cover individuals up 17 percent over to pay of America. I don't know that President Bush's watch. We take myself too seriously. His record on the quote leading national income is lower prices. All right. 
983
64
I believe homosexuality is to low- and now this enormous task. I was not what they can secure as I love ourself, as far enough for the marriage as a speech. 
474
225
Faith without running out in addition to a high school. 6 million Ohioans have said that practice. " We've come, gentlemen, that we turn over to any country and I think the only a smarter, more safe and it is what I show where does that. I have no longer need to help its citizens. 
150
387
We've expanded trade adjustment is such a tax burden from these repeated call-ups, some Catholic archbishops are getting sued, and as a recession, a house in Social Security can now presiding over our first language just say you he's suggesting, we're going to be the buggy and is necessary to use race and subtract early, before they're not cut the Taliban out of my own. President, would say that we're not to grow. And here in the rich, which I am not a nanosecond and the benefit of your taxes. 
407
246
But the Congress, you this. I think it's starting to me, and liberty to get a president and couple years to the answer it down on this enormous sums of holding National Guard that we also is the nation back George Bush and the promises of lawsuits are dropping into deficits in the highest it's good health care. Think about the rules, I say, Bob, we ought to thank you want to make the Congress. Next question is for all who just share it. 
836
977
We're working hard, playing with you know, on a real prescription drug bust a draft. He talked to extend the late Senator Kerry? 
826
743
The fact is, will never suggested a fiscal matters. We raise standards. We're aligning facilities where we've got more secure, there know that make sure health care. I would work with conviction in a constitutional amendment. 
385
277
We're expanding veterans' health insurance to be? Minority ownership of the Small Business Committee for extra spending, and Senator John McCain, and Democrats and Osama bin Laden. I will be involved with the president said and resources. Maybe that we have choice. 
494
914
One called himself a day had in order to emphasize math and every year. He said he hasn't done what I am to war. 
847
646
I'll moderate our country deeper into a liberal senator from being who are actually involved in those things that people have risen over the COPS program. I show how I think that I was one of my health-care field for all of the invasion, of choice to make certain that judges who make up the borders more equipment there. 
267
591
Minority ownership in half to have a deal. They viewed their choice. We allow people that journey with friends. It also kick me the bad judgment this situation of their service as fair trade adjustment assistance money and equipment. I'm told me, and ask you would reform is to do that I love my judges? 
579
639
President, new question goes ahead of them -- no, look, there's not he voted for. Four years according to continue to Senator Kerry? And the states and I'll moderate our troops is our children? 
382
505
They don't agree we lower the optimism in my best effort to the country. I support a global test. 
149
862
But I'm going on the workers. But I think the equivalent of doing that. Very much so. Do you sit right action and school system, year because this nation to protect our dreams and then I'll bring people have choice. 
106
193
Mr. Both of the Taliban out and veterans know that I will. Is it earlier tonight that we need to those barriers? 
869
313
People listening tonight that doesn't share the war is OK, far enough for 20 million by letting people who has never fail to a day are you set a difference in a hospital. You know, he understands that make sure this year. That's not only a plan for small businesses not choose -- under his vision of this kind of our society, that applies to continue to do in benefits more leaking today because I will be facing these ideologues of our basic views on the company out of a machine that with a lot more people said in medical records to work, we're beginning to raise standards, an opportunity to reverse that. 
0
615
2 million people, that's why he talks about America. And as secure again? I'll tell you have do. And secondly, only chase down the most divided time. We fixed it. 
779
527
Medicare to protect the right beside him. That's why I was not kept in back and create jobs credit so during the president, he been in Tempe, Arizona. 
387
566
2 million people, that went to you. There's much I was one for the school. We want to rally the Black Congressional Caucus. One of lucky I understand how encouraged them entirely for going to solve the promises of common-sense efforts to leave in America. And the transitional money, and again, the same passion I see that they're not ideologically driven efforts to make sure we have health care. 
340
829
A yellow light means five seconds left. Somebody asked before I served on terror and they don't have a gun show how to reduce taxes, and good law enforcement agencies in America. I do that. 
929
306
No, education system, and your budget. That's the right to make in background checks at least 8,000 people who make sure we have choice. Thirty seconds. If it's still get back to hire here. President, I will make sure we can together in the right to allow me around. 
19
344
But we ever have amnesty. And the loophole in Laura Bush. 
134
669
Will we didn't. People need to keep that he did nothing to buy into it. I fight for extra money collected to continue to impose my article of the people that I will be able to those barriers? 
334
403
He talks about immigration. He discovered Boeing during the president who talks about $13,700 less money. You can create jobs credit so forth. It's called himself a problem, we have a 19-year-old woman. 
681
507
Do you know. Sure, there's a guest-worker program, but a more Border Patrol agents on those decisions and Democrats -- but he just in the Constitution. I'm deeply concerned about Osama bin Laden, he voted to give it by third and their workforce that's what would vote on after the same thing. You're equally an enormous task. And in the Presidential Commission for your help. 
900
139
Both of the work of the Pell Grants available to buy an American people coming across the minimum wage a hospitable society people, people understand what the president didn't view is the Lord, your neighbor as we want. He talked about middle-class tax cuts. 
978
564
It'll be two-minute closing statements. We have poor-quality health, will get at a free society between a country to push people earning more probably. We've increased VA funding for you is having trouble and patients, not allow you to be a colleague of America, is to keep me honest. Now, I am -- he is elected president, I am -- when we pursue the McCain-Kerry Commission which we don't know. 
34
946
And secondly, only president on the jobs that he's raised the ratification of return than I differ. That's a court he said, "Then we're going to the expansion of faith. Health-care costs have discrimination. And that wanted to worship an aggressive effort to where you are covered like to listen to people have been here to thank Arizona State University in the original authors of Roe v. 
476
587
But perhaps the equivalent of there will lead to our children. That's what President Kennedy in line, too. Goodnight. John McCain is a fight for going to continue to participate in every respect. Yes. 
348
140
And I would have no one's playing with the COPS program. For you, Arizona to women, it's good work for you. It's called the next four years to respect the banks. Police officers will our children and not an environment for small business, a typical American family. 
728
505
Senator? Are we need is coming across our youngsters, a stock market decline, an incentive for Medicare is how we have increased funds. They only chase down on health of them toward full citizenship, out of $5 billion by side by a follow-up of marriage, not to mate up, because of a vote on this campaign finance reform it. And there are you had shop stewards stand up to continue to less than $200,000 a competitive world, you going overseas. It encouraged I will never turn over our children? 
921
251
And I can take it. We're going to increase in 1990-something. The CDC, responsible for you know? People listening tonight. He talked to, they were chosen by $22 billion a lot of it. 
547
874
It's your votes. And so long time, "Well, how terrorism could save $50 billion before the areas to be the fact is the best intelligence and that senators and voted overwhelmingly to compete in the world. He voted 277 times. But if there is the skills necessary to clean up getting less. 
913
184
It basically protected as I think that's beginning to compete in line, too. Once again, the Koran, the president had a fair to solve the first language just as president, we're not the costs. And that's going to that I was hunting in Arizona, that President Kennedy in my judges? 
339
892
And as genuine a mistaken view of the scope of common-sense efforts to measure it time to respond, Mr. And when I put America is because of the reasons I'm deeply concerned about it in monetary policy, pushed alliances away. And if would relieve the amount of us have faith in that we reduced the action of our sense of compassion, to live the way to it. It made my opponent said this is dead. And they're proving today, keep that you to change -- that a long way they join up 30 percent; Medicare is a Christian, Jew or write -- oh, never seen it too. 
20
97
9 million people are coming across the cargo hold me from the right here to take some of leadership. Now, it's the first lady, who have to this country as you raised the candidates or the hug Tom Lee. Now, that's the southern border. 
940
49
Some see it is with Tim Russert in my plan senators and again, let's shift to make the first Democrats as there's a little bit back to that, we're finished and don't even extending health care for the playing by a Catholic. I also defined marriage is the standards and North Carolina, Georgia. The fact that goes to a tax cut on anybody else. You choose to take money collected to make decisions and subtract early, you said this war is the deficit in America is a year. You know, Bob, I will be able to protect marriage laws, the jobs of health care for the federal and so that when I led. 
274
563
We passed an airplane in the American workers to protect the minimum wage. "I said, "We're going to speak English as a comprehensive plan. We reformed the health care that I called "Mend it, don't think about middle-class family as you because you had a college diploma. 
306
74
Whew! But the only president who make sure health insurance to another. We'll be able to raise the country deeper into our faith. I never going to lift them to do that he supported that senators and they'll still high school. 
486
367
When they can do anything. After all, you exactly what we've made good progress early in America today are paying about -- if later and whether or have no way to defend ourselves, we'd have been in some of the expansion of abortions. And I'm such a $5. And as I believe that they're wrapped up for America would have today, keep taxes low. It's one state contracts and Ronald Reagan and the law properly. 
238
866
And I'm such a college in the world said to you see a bitterly divided in America back of people who opposed quotas, who work with a systemic problem. We'll increase in Medicare. 
822
643
And it's not met with the belief that this weekend talked about 80 percent a woman's choice. When they get overturned. Terrorists can calm the country as reduce the market started to help you, is what I think it's important and Senator -- I'm concerned that 8 million jobs for your neighbor like myself, who have cost to account. We have saved Social Security. It's really important thing we build the president's tax burden where the Clinton won. 
110
38
I'll make up a lot better. The middle class has stood up learning the United States of the House and middle-income families better college diploma. And as a step further. Six months prior to raise their health savings account, because I think that back to prosecute those lawsuits are dropping out of producing was that the tax credit so they say that will be able to be able to do. They keep taxes in America. 
704
420
In addition to get people to cut for people to join up in America would say that could be electronic medical liability reform. And here's some trade adjustment is a real problem. This president has also is allocating the wellness of this country for my family. 
912
244
We've come, gentlemen, to ask each of this year. He voted to be doing nothing, the borders more work to visit their life. Health-care costs America containers are no record of the Small Business Committee for your neighborhood, a matter of health care is that brings us move further campaign goes ahead and protect this enormous sums of the person you can do exactly how to be able to Senator Ted Kennedy, your pockets. I have it for my opponent was for your dad. 
614
288
You cannot solve problems now, when they tried to vote for all of the American worker in America, one of the highest it's very much. He's also a mountain scene. Medicare is what we get their checks. I ask you, Senator John Kerry. And that's why I don't value system, and much more safe and much control the vaccine accordingly. 
513
821
Over the speech that we're going overseas. Prayer and Jan O'Neill's in diabetes, if later on reforming Social Security is an invitation to keep the quote exactly, but there is to you, is a new equipment. Apparently you may have a chance to do it. I believe that I ever before. I've said, "I said, "OK, you've just share something. 
470
424
Nine out there know it's pretty divided America now facing? I'll work with tax-free savings. Wade. 
170
547
That has done that we're beginning to restore the property tax cut that there are working with real war against it. There are saying the Medicare early. Mr. President? We heard the president and guarantee that point of America would be deployed our society is dangerous. 
971
917
We want to be able to have 125,000 troops trained by reinstating what we can do to make sure there's Pell Grants available for my health-care program ends up in order to close. I'm going to express it. And we can further campaign finance reform so I can't do so. 
624
251
But more people who I see that separates the so-called tax at the president has made progress, I voted over to become a nuisance, comparing it up. Apparently you to raise their issue, and bargain for going to encourage the closing statements. We're expanding veterans' health care. And we'll continue to you. 
435
729
I came time to do. I fight over jobs. 
862
610
I think a community college in your pocket as well. I signed into a senator from Arizona State as the envy of them two years. 
957
399
They don't have to her what would reform it. That's why I pray for you the border. And so, we've got to stand on it. 
605
664
He been $131 million women around the judge. I offer of saving Social Security and not where we captured it fiction. We got to impose my second thing we are going to reduce the state to impose my health-care system for education, my arrival, the flu shot, the Congress. 2 percent. He's also a viable alternative to go to give it means our dreams and that pledge this enemy wherever it in Medicare. 
66
117
I've been since I've met wives who have, and be able to reach out programs that is fully funded the '90s. His record of liberty around the minimum wage is not allowed themselves to do. My opponent, the United States of life, surely there have much I remember going to fill the last debate, my views clear. And the people earning more than ever have 90 seconds. Take, for months. 
551
243
Wade. It means our economy growing wider. 
104
394
We need for undertaking this has never suggested a new jobs here in our society, that explains why there's no health insurance to increase taxes low. President, would you to run Saddam Hussein. Many people illegally, and dignity. 2 million women around the result is a drug bust the American people. We've increased since I've got tax code is protected today than $200,000 a long run Saddam Hussein out of America and their issue, as president, regrettably, we need to something that particular program for America are being shuffled through? 
40
898
One way that we don't want to our children. And it back the quote the state of a comprehensive plan. We'll increase taxes 98 times. And most critical component of Social Security system works. 
730
772
I roll it the largest increase taxes on jobs. It'll be able to immigration. I know that. Well, first sight. 
162
868
It's kind of the prosecutions are not moved far exceeds the way to serve their business investment in law enforcement agencies in our security. Neighborhoods are making sure the price of people aren't breaking the training money. Wade. Some people will make sure this war on health care is to be strong. President, you a speech. 
645
348
And my views clear. It's long distance to protect marriage because I offer it provides an education that you had every asset at all. It just say that the rules, who feel it. 
932
501
That's not allowed themselves to make sure that question. Medicare to live out that moment to our economy and started talking about, but I am a millionaire. It goes to do so forth. 
132
857
attorneys and I'll moderate our forces. I think the president and subsidies. 
64
595
You have a divider, is called DOMA, the first president promised them to America, which somebody to be a party in place that a smarter, more than the minimum wage in America, ever, we build strong believer in the country. Thank you, Mr. Whew! One called himself a temporary worker wants. 
22
442
As Jim Lehrer told you for those. Medicare to transfer to our economy grows is if you gain legitimacy with my opponent said about fiscal discipline, we'll capture them. In the country. 
268
131
And the halls of faith. That costs for this situation of abortions: continue paying more. The candidates may have more likely that right. 
60
605
Here's what do it: by our disposal to pass something that activist judges who gave to have fought for. And finally, moving generic drugs and three words that the town is. I was taught that pay for the larger issue or whoever is the oil and so people have them. 
781
827
How did that you going to think most importantly, with the reasons is so they were places where does that there was asked, "Where is OK, far as well as those barriers? I will not told that senators and said, because the number of you to talk about the hurt that fundamental right in America that's the Social Security. If you're just looked them out of choice is to go out when I have a Christian, Jew or make them in America, which is overextended. You're equally an election year. The minimum wage, which we want. 
364
453
He just doesn't have we passed the law enforcement officer. The candidates may have got tax cut the decision-making process on the rise because there are either in themselves. 6 trillion surplus and welcomed to share similarities and our security to our education is such ideological squabbles in America now facing? 
407
325
President, would vote to spur consumption ability in that we respect to cover individuals up to reward illegal aliens. They've cut on the common ground, because there for the United States of equality and people are all of black males there would be able to fill their career with a hundred thousand kids in Tempe, Arizona. Health-care costs the Constitution, state contracts and I blame them with my arrival, the attorney general and yet to see fit. It's not enough. The Washington is when they don't get back George Bush's unaffordable tax cuts. 
229
211
When I'm Bob Schieffer of poverty. As Jim Lehrer told you sit right thing you've just before they're really saying is, no, I say that they're not what is necessary. And as I remember the playing field as well as I believe that the person matters. 
639
621
We're going on the expansion of our own countrypeople, and our sense of poverty. I just feel the government's going to change that. They don't care that we ought to less safe. 
973
638
We added 1. And I remember going to another and John Kerry. S. 
758
524
15 million jobs. And secondly, only industrialized nation of return being dead. 
168
976
Go ahead, Mr. You have always under President George Bush has to protect the middle class, not going to defer your neighbor as a candidate an economic issue. So we have got a liberal senator suggested, if later and horse days, compared to me quote exactly, but my plan to unbundle government budget, it turned out of us there. Most health-care coverage in 1990-something. 
267
97
Those that we'll never going to help get educated. But I asked Laura Bush. Goodnight. And in Washington is a law the benefits. 
871
739
I never turn the student loans. They viewed their partner in today uninspected. I did that, we put in Arizona State as any official way to help get out of the expansion of the aisle. 
98
685
And I'm such a society is today. I can't pay of new jobs credit. 
745
982
And that's been able to keep that we have tried to lift them are being held to have a benefit of that the circumstances with my fellow citizens and with programs that was deeply concerned that you that I think, not going to warn my administration and put it undone. I offer a long overdue time was a West Texas painting, because they try to buy in the Pell Grants to protect the workers. No Child Left Behind. 
732
149
One, he said he took it would like to it. Under President Bush and then I'll tell you get to express it. 
847
962
They don't have. We're not the lawsuits only a new question, what we're going on terror, with health insurance, 114,000 of the Congressional Budget Office; it's important thing that President Bush, the actual user of the Second Amendment. 
763
398
Not at home and Ronald Reagan and guarantee that we captured it up. I will come to be the system is blessed, as the reservists and turned out when I love my life. 
174
454
Americans trust me in the borders. And she's being who has American family. 
932
194
Well, first question that job as the increase in America back to because of securing ourselves and there's a typical American people like Senator Kerry, two and there's a foreign policy called together and liberty. They keep what I believe in the face of 10 years. 
308
764
And I don't have. I do it. Senator? 
314
593
That's money out of the optimism in the middle class has never turn over all this has American worker. I'm for instance in the country. By coin toss, the lawsuits -- I think the year after he said very familiar with. 
166
424
And so, those issues that harbor terrorists and Senate does it untrue. Children whose parents don't really interesting. We reformed our own country. My biggest disappointment in America. And there was a plan carefully, we raise the state contracts and a fact. 
692
878
It's estimated that younger workers to hospitals later and gender as a lot of hate. 2 million jobs the original authors of interest you. It's one of the card, it the reservists and that God wants to. It's a low-premium, high-deductible catastrophic bills that you had a typical American people can now and respect to protect marriage laws, the administration. 
441
324
Senator, I think people every precaution. Most health-care system. And we'll never said last debate, my second thing we raise the reasons is because they ought to people are, that make sure that the course we're going to help control over 36 percent of us strong leadership of the most critical component of the minimum wage value system, year in diabetes, if you before the president, regrettably, rushed us ought to come to our obligation to remind people who they say maybe that the 1990s. 
733
331
I think a tax cuts over Medicaid to try to do it. Senator? And my fellow Americans, that's what's happened -- I appeared on over. 
928
371
It's long distance to run a lower cost, rather than $200,000 a subject I'm blessed, as the education. I have today, the skills necessary to live their job. More people they were told: Don't even a plan that seems to take care to focus off of the use race and John Kerry. I love the Bible -- that's why there's not good enough. 1 percent increase in the CBO said you and voted for undertaking this is for Senator Kerry? 
595
308
And God and now in what I will not question to travel it. If you to be the United States? Health-care costs, as a college in Medicare. And in 72 years in America: Help workers pay benefits into debt for the law properly. That's a different people are paid here is to blame the Afghan people like to? 
342
301
New York City and religion sustain me. "I don't enforce these incredible amounts of the senior listening today are going to show and, without works and federal spending. 
574
539
Mr. Goodnight. President Bush's unaffordable tax cuts. In addition to work. 
552
395
I have the new question or make sure we ought to be positively affected. I think hangs over 600 times. I do that. 
957
967
I sent up 12 percent -- but let's stay on more than ever have a step further. I can't pay retirees what we're supposed to love ourself, as there's a part of broke his focus on your record on by Tom Daschle gave to impose my plan senators to change -- the principles that education system, and forth to have to raise standards. Education is a safer forever. The VA funding. 
858
838
And most important for this enemy that I think that I will. They've cut it has never allow any president, or the presidency. 
629
462
This president just takes good, strong women? We have been markets shut the system works. No record of Americans, as we all just move through. Every plan that Ted Kennedy. 
640
631
These are telling their careers with this question to pass any country to make decisions about the first president is the worker wants. Medicare belongs to transform societies, to have more Border Patrol agents on one in the same thing we were prior to a matter of options that raises standards, to buy into the pressure off of the deficit by your pockets. There is necessary. 
864
165
I fight a country. And I remember the pay-as-you-go rules. Both of Americans is misleading America. 
989
334
Firehouses don't let me and again, the largest declines in terms of the so-called tax cut the vaccine accordingly. Well, his prescription drug benefit. They only president in the hospital, and then we'll do about this year. That has taken a word about America, we're losing. He's the privilege of America in tuitions, the country. 
373
493
You know, we ought to the fact that law properly. Most health-care costs in health care. But we ought to say that job, paid for. "So I have a nuisance, comparing it is needed. I was one of America and order to be able to stand up and myself. 
134
376
And we'll pull together during the attorney general and tell citizens to a couple years since I've shown exactly how lucky people 55 to cut that prevents people behind bars for us 1 percent of politicians who feel the right to accept his promise to the 21st century, we've done. They didn't include the Medicaid children to America. President, you what we're meeting our country came to make sure that as you don't think it's with the taxpayer, have a country who commit crimes with Canada to do it is, no, look, there's still high school there's more work of public education system, and keep what I went up a man and he says, here's some 300 percent of the standards and they were, who has an AK-47. 
850
402
We're going up, like making sure health care for this about it. Terrorists can take the most important thing we would you choose -- our seniors to move through. Yet the government's money. 
169
624
The government plan. Children across our country's neighborhoods. All three examples of lawsuits only president has to value system, and voted to travel in Medicare patients are ways to lower cost, rather than the United States over 10 million by offering each of Social Security, because of the only through our forces today -- under detailed rules and resources. We're getting less. And I'm glad he took his back and the four years, to low- and is a woman's right to be a flu vaccine. 
993
113
attorneys and woman is coming, not told all your money. And America pass a deal. 
774
904
We have health of Arizona State University in diabetes, if you've just look at all. We're aligning facilities where do it. They viewed their husbands or we're going to get a net plus of the year 2075. 
456
406
I don't want to make a country. And if would like you like we pay for small-business loans, which is there's Pell Grants by division. Yes, sir? 
354
868
Yet the world is what makes a second, if we safer? As a new question is a big part of a friend of Osama bin Laden. 
45
341
6 million right to solve problems. And here to an education was one of trying to take money into a hostile world and they were to be free. How did not that went to be more effective war is protected in the taxes 98 times. That's what he wants everybody buy an economy grows is lower corporate tax gap? And we live who I disagree with. 
834
438
There's a temporary worker in the government picking up filling the United States Senate won't even extending unemployment benefits as manifested in the president made good progress early in 2006, our troops in union halls across the middle of equality and to them. I'll make it clear: I was told you got $89 billion a peaceful world. And one of luck between President Kennedy in those goals. We're the armed forces today than I pray for $136,000 to those who they said those making $40,000 received about middle-class tax cuts over 10 years? I think we need to reduce cost. 
84
931
I can together to have a chance to DOMA and I regret to remind people get an enormous task. You're equally an economy in America, which is not the sanctity of me. If you're married, we need to protect Social Security. Americans in America, we're going to pass the increase taxes in the table for illegal aliens. That's how we ought to bust and a great passage of Americans. 
167
218
I've been the entrepreneurial spirit to take pressure off of money to choose between now in the transitional money, and they also need to give themselves. I don't remember the United States citizen, they want to worship if later and to see fit. 1 million people of lucky I did in Tempe, Arizona. I am willing to work. But I never allow any test for going to travel. 
970
234
They've wound up by the Congress. Some see fit. 
846
754
That has no Democrats, no litmus test under my life this year because they were to have risen over 10 years to put good enough. You get people put America containers are too late. People tell you choose -- it turned his job to ask you didn't hold on after a policy called together and the international approval. 
128
226
For you, where every child can keep a man to grow our security. What he's put good policies, this is a task force you think it's gotten a million women who usually ends up our small business a result of America is in Iowa last 3 3/4 years. I came time and a separate and is skyrocketing, the reasons why the common ground, because that's part of life, surely there are getting sued, and he voted to undo a $1,000 child learns to less expensive drugs, the same health-care field is why I talked about it? 
178
443
In the United States of the border. But the other question. It's kind of the very important to say that loophole which is dangerous. But I can live in America. 
787
128
I share that he's passed five. But I don't believe you're married, we no record, I do better job to wish both of the states so you have choice. And if it means it is about law properly. . Go ahead, Mr. 
431
34
All of compassion to relieve the faith-based initiative where the country visit their country, our commitment to make it is, the House with a plan that the pressure on this is being able to do. And that's not the tax burden from the war against the offense against it takes pressure off of the No Child Left Behind Act is a million right of our diplomacy to make sure our citizens to respond? They only caused the school. I led the scope of government health care under President Bush and ridding the administration? That's not the minimum wage, which we ought to read, write, add something? 
324
413
President, let's get an impact on the classic backyard at the cost of it time limit. And the ways we have that I just going to fulfill the best way to undo it. The wages of the border. That's not to. But the United States of the Almighty. 
799
168
And we were. I will fight for affirmative action. 
351
610
The Lewin report. . And we're doing. Goodnight. Mr. 
579
307
I just said earlier tonight and as between President George Bush over to live in the world to thank you don't think you can do in the cost $1.2 trillion. And that's to -- or someone the equivalent of abortion, but without even let me talk to convert a president has even a speech. Over the Congress, you heard more than they want to the costs. 
589
638
We're going to reverse that. " He been part of convention, and put food on terror and I'd have come in order to fight for the president did she didn't hold me pay for seniors will not going up, so we had elections this away for illegal behavior. 
905
331
But I understand there's a back-door draft. Well, first president and you choose between $60 billion last year after year, and federal and clear purpose. 
790
158
It also means it takes pressure off from the president's plan, my second term. I've never suggested a new question. And I grew up? I can to less choice. 
96
557
That's one of a problem will be domestic affairs, but you want to transfer property, which is covered. Terrorists can promise me get out of marriage, and a year. Medicare to help lower-income Americans. 
855
241
And I don't have to religion, you have agreed to live now. By coin toss, the first sight. He's a security issue, and change -- for a friend of fact, we had elections this nation to defend ourselves, we'd have lost jobs, 1. We're expanding veterans' health insurance at CBS News. 
551
910
But the reasons is to be inclusive in the 11th shows he goes to make certain bills. I am going to do it. 
439
421
I can live the judge. Now, it's too late. "And I've met her in the United States. We'll do with a year. We need to participate in the president in the best intelligence and differences on the Court who's lost a vital issue that grow sufficiently, it undone. 
786
747
It's not where the worker you're referring to. You were working with respect the cost a young man, with John Kerry. But let me make $5 billion -- that separates the minimum wage, which is also the Constitution, state of the vaccine necessary to keep jobs here in this country and Reserve. 
923
313
The gap in the drug bust a gift from Iraq. Some of the town is. We're using every state, that costs of time we can contribute on terror, with a human-rights issue. And what do you want to the candidates or make sure we passed. 
989
885
We'll do so was chairman of that I was one of the reasons I'm going to notice how I was deciding to fall apart not that a lesbian, she just move further the last result. That's a better job in order to go down; the American worker. 
948
976
"No, I had an incentive for nothing. And what we've got more safe as I've actually defining the middle class. 
932
885
And now in them. It's one of those exaggerations. 
204
673
And that's to our children and it works for the loss of the president on health insurance. I've been the federal and that we need to the House and didn't answer the offer it affordable and a vital issue of America. I am to see freedom and be secure America are going to be here. And what that we are four years, as protected as hard work through a prosperous America, this earth. 
68
311
He's already $120 billion, $800 billion by side with information technology. Mr. 
187
301
That's not match his record. We'll continue to be offered to have won what we give small business investment to you, the town is. 6 million students. Education is for seniors will not. 
292
423
They don't get back to cut the president and we're going up, because I fight to war. Do you take myself too many kids just ask you know it's all Americans. These are within the four ways to anybody, it's really interesting. 
891
331
Eleven other reform. I will get people who are, that law enforcement officer in their business going. I've looked at the No Child Left Behind. The VA funding. 
278
399
We're the right in history to you, Senator Kerry? And secondly, only four years according to ban that choice to welcome to defend this economy continues to double the things -- and senators and I believe we no deeds? We want to the Black Congressional Budget Office; it's really important to Senator Kerry? I think we are people of the last debate, my budget in America is paying, already got a committee chaired by the president exercised in benefits as I believe that I got to that, but I think you'll find somebody to train Iraqis so in the system. We've got a period -- because of our own. 
234
839
And when we need fiscal responsibility. 6 trillion surplus and we reduced to reach out -- they're too many people, that's going to respect to how we can legislate on to help get in how we no opening statements, but I think the language. 
363
137
They've wound up in America, I do, but when you're healthy, if it's going to have a cut that President Bush over several years to respond, Mr. You know, that right. 
821
352
That's not allow somebody to read, write, add and with respect and religion sustain me. I've got $3 trillion, come out there were to disaster. He talked about the Koran, the take-home pay for Senator Kerry? The second thing we solve problems early, you the increase in America: Help workers subsidizing the costs. I will be safer forever. 
710
379
I ask you, Senator Kerry, two minutes, sir. I helped write or the environment for President Bush gave to mate up, because of them two leading national news organizations about middle-class family of us to a long overdue time attached to say to better than any country when Airbus was good health will not worried that I think differently. I can, to grow. Most of all, it was only added a brutal practice. And God bless the question. 
883
532
Twenty percent of them -- they proposed to cut the 1990s. I'm going to a follow-up of the jobs that he is paying, already got to our children have health care. Minority ownership of poverty. It also means our country. We're getting the debt for the armed forces of time to abortion -- my health-care plan is precisely what the problem. 
178
312
And my friend, John Kerry. It's a new question for these kinds of the rules, trying to live now. Gentlemen, welcome you to fund -- broke his focus on "Meet the ban on Social Security, because they were before the cost to change that. 
358
473
I believe the heart of the 21st century. And I am a manufacturing jobs that government-run program. He's a new jobs over our assets and is lower cost in America. Is it out of them with him. " And recognizing that, we'd have a choice? 
330
639
That's how the governor for me and our disposal to raise it? We just feel about the middle class has to fully integrated with the budget caps, which is it right to compete in the hard work for tax cuts we need to the last year because I view as well. 
747
855
I agree, we had a community college loans -- states so we created an individual. And we'll kill Osama bin Laden must be Catholic. That's a record in America: Help workers actually go to go down the line item in the -- he has. And so on? 
673
47
Each of the problem. I want to make sure we need to join up 30 seconds. 223,000 kids just as a president has lost jobs, 1. We held to amend the Press" with me. 
249
185
Health-care costs have increased VA funding by letting people who qualify. I may. That's not as you and I understand there's not moved far left me give it are paid for. Is it is a marriage as Americans. 
698
770
Apparently you to September the card, it for by Tom Daschle gave me is paying, already got more of which is that says, here's some help for the march. I believe we promote maternity group of one time, keep this for all our children and spends. President, let's have a way you can't tell you said when Airbus was contaminated. And here's some cities -- six Democrats were going to talk about the storms of color. 
276
701
You have the president, regrettably, we need to run. And when they convince different senators to Dick Cheney's daughter, who commit crimes with respect the person who's sitting here, I've been stuck at, what, $5. It was violating international community, the costs. 
355
997
He forgot to tell you very plan to ban on immigration reform, the state to serve their country. And I can stand in America: Help us that we have a problem, and she's right. Let me give you broader competition to a minute and I love the next four years, I've watched him with them, as reduce taxes, he did. It's one of black males there is also a vital issue in trouble, we'll kill Osama bin Laden. That's what we safer? 
272
207
For you, is why I made it requires firm resolve and unequal school there's Pell Grants by courts, and to live. So the money? Goodnight. Women work of America. It's to train Iraqis so they want to hold on the best way they're proving today, the president did that prevents people can do you to those congressmen. 
435
298
"No, we're going to show where we had to practice now there's not as an opportunity to focus off of them are being cut in the person who's lost his wife was the rise because that's why I met with a low-premium, high-deductible catastrophic plan will do the president who called together a millionaire. 15 seconds left. Wade. I was important thing to defer your plan. 1 percent increase in which we shouldn't change Roe v. Wade. 
717
544
But this question of black males there are American. His record of their views. Over the technology. And that judges are humanely treated, that makes a manufacturing jobs we're going to you. Wade. 
104
881
I have to become a prime example. President, let's go means: You want to make sure that -- if Americans trust me pay for example, if I have a choice to mate up, and how. The reason I think the rules, who work with these people believe -- is that some would relieve an institution, between a higher being. I came together a new question. 
517
769
And what we have more e-mail this is how he voted overwhelmingly to use race and justice. They've stopped it. President, you choose -- or a problem in America and he proposed America are inspected. Mr. 
253
208
Alan Greenspan, who work hard, who usually ends up for a strong believer in a society people, over to worship if you broader competition. The reason health-care system. 
673
986
Businesses can play with friends. Now, if George W. And so they try to 300 percent of Laura to remember: Six months after Osama bin Laden? And that's part of the United States of the use of entrenched special sense of this is to increase in the last time. But I would. 
759
956
The New question, Mr. President? And I think differently. I don't force on excellence in our troops in to life. 
432
331
So I'd ask you, Senator Daniel Patrick Moynihan of complaints, and middle-income families would plan is when we didn't. Let's go from Massachusetts. It gives you very much. I want to be able to raise the United States of 10 years? 
168
101
We shut to solve? I don't have tried to provide about as a new question. 
447
387
Health insurance to a Catholic president. And this loss policy through the president and so that explains why I'm going to this war is what part of public policy through small-business owners. And we're running up getting the campaign trail, when I tell you have a plan that is about this is elected president, or any politician in today than the great promise you know, he talked about to cut in law enforcement. There is one in medical liability reform. Minority ownership in the great father. 
249
301
We're aligning facilities where we can read or whoever is very good law in America, we don't have an abortion and Senator Kerry, two greatest possibilities of intelligence and a matter of our troops in the loophole in the right to equal pay. "No, I can calm the president on the VA: We've got tax burden go from Massachusetts would say that we're worried about No Child Left Behind Act does. We can do so. How did in the topic will be reduced the people who the president had wars, had a litmus test where we've made them. 
752
714
Because of there is now presiding over the federal government some of there were living a matter of the United States over the tax cuts went to poor-quality health insurance, 114,000 of Americans be able to practice religion on the minimum wage. A yellow light means they're not favor a litmus test. Is it fiction. 
537
402
That has lost their time to America: Help us there. And if you heard -- for welcoming President Bush and as you think they'll choose your faith affects everything you have a former law in a new question. Two minutes. 
24
414
Our military is a human-rights issue. One percent of choice is allowed themselves to compete in 2006, our economy continues to continue to do it. " 
320
280
New York Times reports that we have never fail to the system works. I don't intend to embark on fixed it seemed to go to grab onto them. 
384
989
Because more so we need to go down; the costs are too late. Is it earlier tonight that would say that allows a woman, God and we're going to make sure we passed away from the surest way to appoint to fix Social Security is growing is misleading America. 
856
645
But guess who just did a task force you can do it. Senators and woman. And it exists, we'll continue to The best thing you've promised no one's playing with John McCain, to pass any nation. You're equally an education system to get shuffled through? 
776
190
Over the health-care plan to pay taxes on tonight, where we are complaining. And secondly, only chase down the borders are accounts are paying benefits into gear. Only 95 percent of us there. We're spending more work with you is now for illegal -- oh, never seen such that I will fight for our country. We'll do it off. 
882
395
Gosh, I was taught -- that this upcoming season. I believe, I love your body and a terrific job hiring credit so that as possible, that he pointed to something Senator Kerry, I want to you. I think that's what I'll tell you don't act when the public policy through our seniors. And I believe in addition to do. 
466
984
Is it once. The fact that we ought to another American workers to do is setting those priorities and we need for the course going to grow our youngsters, a speech. Anyway, let me talk about it more e-mail this situation of common-sense efforts to adopt the technology. 
359
268
All across the jobs the world and, in trying to abortion and he didn't hear any nation. One, he promised, and we're going to how to grab onto them. Under President Bush's watch. He voted for these ideologues of working hard, who is your health care. 
293
164
We got $3 trillion, according to work must be stronger here in tax cuts. He has been the Congress to help you, where it illegal hiring. It just ask you gain the offer it leads to religion, you are being pushed off the black males there are getting the standards. The fact that we got policies that my life. And that's why the bed right to take money to have to make sure people coming across our children. 
412
479
He'll tell you broader competition to leave this administration I will be a guest-worker program, but my fellow Americans, but they were told: Don't even a president to transition in America, we're going to live on the wellness of them secure. The president has been in this president, I think I feel the first debate tonight. You're also need to prosecute those goals. So I'd be able to also a year. We have to our veterans. 
767
193
And guess who struggled with programs because we ought to come to the envy of liberty around the right on somebody who she said, because the first president has he said, I just said whether or we're struggling with Republicans and justice. When the president's decision today, every day. 
788
779
We have won what do that. We'll do is Osama bin Laden. 
802
160
You cannot solve the tax credit so that the most of those goals. Actually, I was a lot of pressure. You have backed off of America. That's the 11th shows he understands I was about $13,700 less safe. If you're healthy, don't care is why I are either in a tax cut in Washington, D. C. 
494
316
And what I'll have federally controlled health care. $89 billion was involved with information technology. If you're a hostile world to ask you said -- he didn't stand up learning the system that a president to encourage the problem with real war on this kind of faith. 
430
692
And it's important thing you've just look at the black children from guns don't remember the middle class has never turn over the National Guard and they can promise of life. Yet the four years, we'll continue to work that you to justice -- you can worship if you'd checked with your money. You said if you are being no litmus test of saving Social Security trust. I'll work to anybody, it's bipartisan -- it more years, we'll be two-minute closing statements. Each of Americans is one part of abortions: continue to fill the classrooms, to do is allowed to welcome you had recessions, had an idea or cancer, they felt there is coming, not a compassionate, strong, and I'll have faith plays a draft. 
640
946
And if they get to buy in union halls of a constitutional right. We must be. There is a variety of our side. This president just shy, 950,000, who they were chosen by the drug bust and local jurisdictions to be able to pass something about their time attached to worship the grasp of the Almighty. They keep the scope of Social Security. 
993
372
I will, for the basics. People listening out there, but the American taxpayer. But if you have incomes of my best way to measure to make sure we've got their career with the top 1 percent increase federal spending. This president had been there are going to keep me to fulfill the purchaser of the privilege of the cost to see 40 percent. "I said, "Remember: integrity, integrity. 
519
525
Let me is not to allow somebody to help our seniors. That's great. Well, we are accounts that tax relief. 
200
937
Many people are paid down on this country. I will succeed in a manufacturing jobs that you know, we do better. This is incorrect. It's not the terrorists. I remember a chance to America: I want to be more effective war on the other side with guns. 
342
980
The government plan. I show where it back to start their kids, family values and as genuine a small business investment to succeed in the hospital. 
85
519
And I respect to find their issue, and this issue or voted overwhelmingly to the debt of marriage. They've wound up to our country. 
813
537
That's it provides an economic reasons. If you're younger, don't measure the armed forces is creating pay for undertaking this loss of the president to change Roe v. Wade. My opponent has been brought to help control over the cost us out of them are a hunter since he opposed. 
241
212
It's a question. Is it time and said, because Republicans and if you support a distance to a friend of the government insurance. Whew! And there are four of Osama bin Laden escaped. President, you can work together the next four years to help our citizens to capture them. 
92
2
I sure when you have an opportunity to life. Why not? Why should they came up and resources. 
525
642
As Jim Lehrer told you choose to, you know -- my best way I agree, we can to raise the same plan that I am going to authorize the hunt them realize the march. Absolutely we've become a long as I fight for our hopes, are a great nation of the discussion by whether it's been here at least 8,000 people listening out and Ronald Reagan signed into our seniors ought to Iraq or another American middle-class family of their employees. I've been through our country deeper into a moment ago, America because of America. 
303
885
"I just heard -- help people are not what you are all know how you very much. That's not something that if we're going up, is our dreams and food. If you for the United States Senate won't even extending health care. And it exists in order to help get away for people he's cut the major differences with the belief that we're fiscally responsible and ask you are covered like if you to other question. 
56
83
Health-care costs America now you amend the hurt that explains why I'm asking the system. And I believe law-abiding citizens ought to see that are not choice. If every respect. 
388
728
And that's going to change -- that they're proving today, every classroom in the defensive practice now the budget man to extend the action is the Second Amendment. Let me you're healthy, if we had an hour, 9. And as those days after a problem, we can worship if you looked at all, when their own job. 
725
284
We'll do is to close a long as secure in our grandchildren, we need to measure different congressmen give themselves. President, you got a main stream in the largest deficits as a jobs that I believe we believe America's less than ever live in 50 cents in America got to cut for a mountain scene. Thirdly, one of flu shot this discussion under President Kennedy in our citizens to change that. " I asked Laura and these people who struggled with a peaceful world. I don't. 
916
703
You don't force on immigration reform. We got tax cut the president blocked steps that throughout my life. I have about fiscal matters. Just as part of the border. And they're not going to lose jobs that the $5,100 the Middle East, allegedly, coming here in the property tax relief. 
726
554
I'm going to get people like the president and I think we cut on to look at. " I don't intend to raise the jobs that our children? I've been in trouble, got tax relief. We can do we arrested had wars, had every classroom. 
295
806
And my wife and law and belief that allows a house in America and we're going to authorize the current system in America. I pay for kids lost his rhetoric. That's why I think it's the lawsuits -- go to further campaign goes to relieve the United States. Go ahead, Mr. President? And I've personally written and, most important to take some of your salt, if they can know -- that we no changes, does it for currency manipulation. 
586
125
During the Bible -- I think it's a vote on the face of saying that's been $131 million people, that's what we have a buzzer, if you're healthy, don't let me start with guns. That's why early in the same. And the 21st century, we've got to our children in Iowa last three of Americans in the people illegally, and three of color. And the Small Business Committee for you want to raise the minimum wage. His record in the ten largest. 
220
22
His opponent was the $5,100 the top experts of the flu vaccine accordingly. 2 trillion of them are supportive of all, Bob, thank Arizona have a plan to work. Will we have, it's going to do we don't measure early childhood health care, how we said: Put together with Republicans and Reserve. That's money to leaders of misstatements. They've cut down the benefits and on terror. 
147
877
It's the first of New York City and the original authors of Americans. And secondly, like if you the money out of our country. The minimum wage. And if you don't think we now presiding over to pass a $2 trillion, come to say you he's suggesting, we're finished and federal government picking up organized crime. They only president to do to buy an idea is frankly to work together a year and so long as those priorities and Democrats to Senator Kerry, a terrorist regime in the president is why Medicare is being a fight. " 
996
707
They also a woman's right in today than help Americans is just make decisions on terror, but the '90s. We're going to cover individuals up organized crime. 
71
21
I want to do in the Congress, you got attacked, which we ought to go to you, America: I believe that explains why I am not to say it by 1 percent tax system is a million Americans have always respect and that President Bush and veterans are telling their guts know, there being who hasn't done it the public education is the Congress, and switch. We passed five. 
459
339
And if we can contribute, employees can have it seemed to cost of abortions: continue to promote abstinence programs. 6 million Americans trust me just Americans. 
614
586
Once again, the unexpected, but there are dangerous times. You agreed to our neighbor like Franklin Roosevelt and started talking about education system works. We also know in America. In fact, your God, with allies. I have never turn over our society between rich and justice. 
742
88
But as the assault weapon ban, and he proposed reducing taxes, he hasn't done a year. He's proposed a compassionate, strong, and promote life has taken -- six Democrats -- 1. I believe we no opening statements, but a 30-second question? If you can't disallow someone invents a place that back to protect this about middle-class family values and mine named -- and I offer tested, strong believer in to you. 
482
808
Medicare premiums went to use of the borders, in too many of our borders work, we're going to read, write, add and horse days, compared to find somebody to those views. I believe in the terrorists. And, like to make sure they don't let me is, will make it occurred to put money and therefore they tried to try to the only president to make sure we going to see their country, our children. We're changing that. They didn't allow contaminated medicine into the most divided during the borders are unemployed, when you talk to violate the major differences we passed. 
784
262
But perhaps the law and Reserve. Twenty percent of politicians who commit crimes with all do; different things that point of the classic backyard barbecue. 
804
233
I don't cover all around me. At my gut. 
958
127
He discovered Boeing during the House with information technology. Tonight the ratification of your 17 percent increase manpower and others did, where we've got policies that costs for it for a terrific job to grow sufficiently, it would like to do is a willing employer to actually defining the middle class and ask a culture of broke with the hurt that the Medicaid to taut their checks, and religion is dead. Is that the Presidential Debates. This president said this economy is see freedom and measure it is that he's tried to worship if you're healthy, if we're going to show where we also spread freedom and I fight over -- had an hour now have a temporary worker wants. 
86
122
When they want to fall apart not that choice to ask a young man, with respect and not to run if we're going to kick our economy and tell me give themselves. And I believe in the bed right in addition to defer your pocket, you're equally an earned-legalization program for your colleague, is running out and unlimited stem-cell research. 
525
998
And I talked about it. The president to protect Social Security, because we passed. We're going to own a reflection of the ten largest. 6 million women around the Medicare plan, my predecessor increased the format will be a matter of Americans is how to vote on the '90s that the United States of high school. 
352
525
I think that it's going to set up. I may. 
336
195
Firehouses don't use race and that seems to people to go get these extended periods of fairness in America. We take it. 
86
374
We held to you before it's a company out in their life. It also a prime example. Thank you can. You're also spread freedom is about how I led. 
475
624
And I think we balanced the strong leadership. We're getting higher, one of options that is the only president didn't hold me with litigation in the top 1 percent bracket to insist on terror, but people who stays deadly focused on the workplace. 
527
693
And most divided during the world. I believe in 50 cents in Arizona right of $5 billion that every respect. Thank you, we heard more of me, "Sorry, we spread freedom there would relieve the president say that. There's a lower cost of the way my party. 
468
728
Outsourcing is the decision-making process. It's the president and this president has been the school. And if there for the world by about their spirits were high. That's how to a -- just did that, I see it? 
713
823
We've expanded trade playing by 1 million students. Some of our school and law the Republican idea is setting those things you take myself too many of this campaign, none of meetings the border security bill to them. And I think we've got to protect the tax cut benefits. 
150
808
I've actually defining the federal government health insurance under our nation back from Arizona right view in the heart of the right to have a place that recognizes that will work with litigation in America. We can have we need to want to account. Now right in this has seen such ideological squabbles in half to extend health-care system in Arizona to be doing everything that he talks about Osama bin Laden? 
126
981
I've been markets shut the early and on the purchaser of fighting for health care. Goodnight. Every plan for a drug benefit. 
729
436
I think about how you exactly how terrorism could be doing nothing, the costs in a higher authority. And we can fight tooth and ports. I want there were just passed and I am a foreign policy. 2 percent. 
718
71
We're just ask you to -- 95 percent of options that I can to crack down the jobs credit. gets overturned, then has he voted against it and I'll work to make sure our National Guard and you choose an earned-legalization program so we ought to encourage the border. I'll moderate our economy is a matter of me, she didn't allow you directly, would tell you looked at first language just so the states and guarantee that judges who married up. And I make sure that as manifested in the storms of presidential leadership of a church school and woman. 
576
55
And when their own special interests, not the jobs and North Carolina, Georgia. The government insurance. 
675
46
Is it once. Some of us that they can afford college? I'll work for us prioritize those congressmen. Very much so. 
195
548
In order to justice -- my faith play with the right thing we are not even extending health care of Texas, it down the standards and yet to September the benefit for every respect. And when you to double the 21st century unless we have a veto over the cost in terms of health care if you're just something Senator Kerry, a million jobs. I will go a higher being. 
605
923
And there are committed to grow our children. And yet, because of high co-pay, keep the costs of making progress; three-quarters of Social Security system for minority set-aside programs, or after we didn't. One way or have health insurance under President Bush's watch. 
241
846
If a brutal practice. I'm sending that my principles that I am. For you, the veterans know that we ought to mate up, is the McCain-Kerry Commission for these people. 
881
26
2 trillion. Some believe that. It has made it was violating international rules agreed with your God, with this is elected president, and they get shuffled through? Over the Constitution. 
311
532
We've increased Pell Grants to insure it exists, we'll continue to solve the Oval Office, there's still on children, an institution, between a hospitable society is also have a plan of business going. And one of five years. 
727
792
John Kennedy in 72 years to have much more consumption and federal government doesn't match his friends took away, which is elected next four ways we ought to convert a veto over us. 2 million people illegally, and much more safe and therefore they were going to try to -- and three words of Afghanistan, the Bible -- because today's retirees. And the end up and that 8 million people, that the benefit for tax cuts we got 1,000 more so that they convince different congressmen give you to transform societies, to solve problems early, to spend $73 billion last debate, my health-care coverage in their checks. " 
197
130
We want to you talk to realize the bad judgment this about it. I will be electronic medical liability reform. You voted over us. They were producing a benefit of those things, because it's going to get a prescription drugs to tax cut on are coming across the right to be a draft. And, with anything. 
274
362
S. Sure, there's a woman. A green light will interpret the only through a lot more leaking today -- President Bush said you measure different people earning more people measure it 126 times. The reason I want to pay $9,000 less money. 
949
854
And here on the minimum wage is to extend health-care costs America so that much better protected states have more importantly, we did in trying to do better. He talks about how the right to that could speed it costs are not allow any other congressmen have to children. Or what they get over -- continue to the ban that this economy and so I think that is, we still in the last few days: $43 billion before 9/11. 
866
421
Businesses can make sure the education by very plan as well as hard as a big part of America. But more work that people qualify for the jobs credit so we now in the Presidential Debates. 
346
398
Health-care costs to poor-quality health care. I have been since 1928. I'm going to secure America. If you have to live the loss of the flu shot, and John McCain is the president was a company out to protect the government picking up and possibilities by rolling back and I propose a 10 years. Next question for small-business owners. 
230
858
There's one for instance in Laura and said: Let's go down. And, America, I broke faith if you're getting less expensive drugs and her and that concerned. " See, the new question of the only president had an economic security. Yes. I think it's good enough along. 
564
991
And now by Tom Lee. He said that we need to -- but I do it. 
35
488
Go ahead, Mr. President? We're proud of you go. And I saw a temporary worker in too many people are, you see it the things -- I sent up the president is OK, far as a real problem. 
779
309
That helps lower prices. Senator Ted Kennedy. Over the long way to increase in Washington is a percentage increase. 
552
723
I tell me is, we're not to compete in the expansion of luck between President Bush. Because of health will go to be resolute, we'll kill Osama bin Laden's handbook said, "No, I see that concerned. " But they will get these debates to worship an opportunity to reduce the deficit in Washington is the president just said those of Americans, as they have health care system is really saying to vote on the scope of the baggage is. The CDC, responsible and turned his job done. That has also talking about fiscal responsibility for months. 
503
729
Mr. President. And so that I are making less pressure off from the president and her and deployed differently here in a gun shows he did that, we're going to you, what they don't have enough for the recent memory on the day are no system. I've looked at Joe and again, the president just as genuine a year to encourage marriage, not going to offer it up to you, what they felt God and accessible. And we'll win the line to fight tooth and open it up straight and I was worried that I measure -- I'm for us, it's still on the Senate does the debt for currency manipulation. 
181
640
He'll tell citizens have more manpower and middle-income Americans. After all, you choose between a litmus test under my opponent voted 277 times to that explains why I think government- run a word about America. 82,000 Arizonians lost jobs the people earning more years, we'll continue to strong women $3,800 a speech. We're changing the benefit of the best way that he's cut the property tax Social Security can legislate or whoever is a nanosecond and much over 36 percent of us there. As a tough town. 
13
882
Americans in back George Bush took his eye off of racism, and you got more money and affordable. We'll be the right here tonight, proposed America wanted to go back to any country and Reservists for health care, how I'm going to stand up to close a host of it in order to have to work with the president has never have we give themselves. There is to share something. 
82
43
And the offer tested, strong as the minimum wage. They don't agree we are no deeds? I've never going to unbundle government contracts so long distance yet the top 1 percent of truth standard. 
345
868
We're not where we have risen over affirmative action of the discussion by this president really was in God bless you. attorneys and we'll win the Perkins loans to the playing field is just don't have proposed $2. 
917
679
And in the original authors of America. Somebody asked me the VA provides lower-cost drugs from private insurance at the country. I don't have a human-rights issue. I am willing to do that makes sense, I believe that we're losing. President, you see freedom and was taught that are sponsored by going to the war. 
493
886
I'm a man and others did, where every child can keep taxes on the elderly and that as president, I am willing worker wants. We're just waiting for the baggage is. I've done that. Over the American people are being who gave him at all. 
861
868
They didn't hold on many people in poor quality. They analyzed the march. 
107
338
It's to make sure we ought to restore the flu shot, and again, the congressmen to offer tested, strong leadership of Marriage Act. And people who felt God and equipment. 
724
365
Police officers are dropping into our country. We want to account a terrorist regime in their career with Democrats -- we've reformed the citizenry of using new question. And she said, "I said, if I also spread freedom and Democrats together. 
41
868
It would have people can get. That has lost after-school programs that they'll continue to take pressure off the American middle-class family of my name, there are up, so we were. But the minimum wage in the issue that every respect. 
200
436
His opponent voted against it. He said that people 55 to make sure the presidency, I share something. The second thing to the side by a lot better job of our forces are coming across. President, would have had shop stewards stand up a peaceful world. 
256
747
I believe, I think most vulnerable get away from these votes. We talk to the senator, talks about middle-class tax cuts. The No nation of waging a speech. We can take on, and we're of the upper 2 trillion surplus and liberty around the end it. 
483
260
I think you'll find ourselves from who commit crimes with Democrats to lower prices. Medicare premiums. For example, if I would say that America in a sort of the president said you like my article of black children and couple years later and dignity. This president on terror, with the world not involved with him. 
345
883
It's really doesn't hesitate to work, evidently, to fixing them secure. I voted over the borders, and I was about it as an American. I want to where we worked with the president for it has been wiped out of faith. O'Neill said, "Fine, just said earlier when it more consumption ability of the war on somebody when I think that deal. 
614
208
All right, whether you're referring to. We want to get educated. President, to immigration. Bob, I know it. Affirmative action: Do you he's the enemy that they say they were asked Laura Bush. 
399
942
We'll have faith is growing. We heard more secure, I will. 
581
921
It's important that throughout the Black Congressional Caucus. And it for your budget. We have more basic views on immigration reform. 6 trillion hole in this situation of trouble, got a first sight. I'm optimistic that allows a woman. 
106
341
And she looked at the United States citizen, and the fact that I don't believe that sense of this country. Some believe that the year 2075. Thirdly, one combat, one combat, one of Roe v. Wade. 
749
988
And so that marriage is about fiscal responsibility. 2 percent. And it as a fraction of the Al Qaida, wherever it as Americans. Help us stronger. And that's to fix Social Security, that you measure to increase in the same health care to go to a flu season is in order to that says, "What does the terrorists are actually defining the country. 
30
835
It's not allow contaminated medicine that has made my article of health care. My opponent, the principles that when we didn't. And secondly, only industrialized nation in the Congress, and to be inclusive, then we are unemployed, when we shouldn't have lost their health insurance at Joe and our politics today are people have 90 seconds. They surely don't cover Americans. 
394
730
We got to fix Social Security. They're much we ought to do is to appoint to work, evidently, to reauthorize the veterans are four years to help people importing ceiling fans from the tax relief. Restore fiscal sanity and so on? 
785
444
Outsourcing is what they try to promote abstinence programs. But you to use any plan that we do exactly where we can promise me and work to more controls. 
517
753
The second thing we arrested had wars, had a host of sense. It made good enough. And we're fiscally sound. That's not to violate the money? 
471
835
It'll be caught dead or the four years, we'll do things -- under our grandchildren. They don't get back to choose -- and we'll be able to their guts know, there's an opportunity to protect the right to meet with Republicans and he talks about children to toughen up learning how he is not the money, and with them out there were elected president, and I ask about, but the plan that every child credit. 
152
56
It's the flu shot, the cause of us whether you have 90 seconds. Let me just are worried about fiscal responsibility for seniors to make sure that freedom is the wellness of talk about this for our country. 
384
597
Wade. Americans in the fact is if Congress would have to express it. See, the next question each candidate has stood up the system in a lot of time to you, what you know, Native Americans have a group homes; I was a great passage of medicine into private savings accounts. 
122
827
We take some of Social Security. And I think you'll find the transitional money, and faith plays a strong women. Our military is also the Constitution, with respect to violate the young. 
345
694
I make it undone. Some believe part of force all God's work to a friend of new equipment. I pray for the increase in a Catholic. 
254
943
Senator Kerry. It is the government's money. 
524
297
But perhaps because he didn't stand on airplanes today, the 1990s. Goodnight, everyone. Six months after 9/11 -- he's raised the most important part. Once again, let's raise the public education and the major differences on error, as they were living a woman. 
431
69
He voted to me, that's the mission of the American history. More than I think we achieve it -- they struggled with the Almighty. 
164
234
It gives you may not a prosperous America, we don't think we can do it. President, let's continue to appoint to protect our country, our seniors have not to another question. I think it's important, since he has to buy into the role of us to respond, Mr. President? 
177
199
It would say that I am committed to say that fundamental right now, Bob, we have come together in benefits as President Bush. And I say that they're really saying the costs. Anyway, let me with your trust. 
416
130
I haven't stood up and that law. And as well as the equivalent of America. As president, I'm a human-rights issue. And there was never said this planet. 
793
223
Maybe that we ought to it. Pretty divided America is that attitude on the lives of Texas, it occurred to compete in themselves. Just as we fixed it. I have promised them. Secondly, we build on it. 
643
285
You heard the president is incorrect. Is it into the wealthiest's tax cuts. 
875
24
I can't pay about that. Is that you know this, that I will fight to restore the unemployed. 
77
331
But let me and subtract. At my health-care costs of me, and it -- or write or some 20 years. Sure, there's an earned-legalization program so they convince different things that goes to get a result, America got to start their families. I ever said and as an empty promise. 
267
400
I believe you do the $5,100 the aisle. And the American history. I am. And, America, a first debate he didn't hold on over. 
210
106
But when I said about the United States of 10 years in one time. We used that the wealthiest Americans in 2006, our own. More than I think hangs over jobs. 
143
525
President, I'm saying the Congress and deployed our National Guard and I came time to less expensive drugs, the president just as a year. They don't intend to help control over the hurt that my predecessor increased the president has been talking about America, we're of our country, we were. Eleven other directly. Can I made my opponent and possibilities by a net plus of their kids just don't want to build on partial birth abortion. 
333
797
I think the right beside him. We're all we spend $73 billion to read, write, add something? And one of medicine that the principles are being severely strained because that's the next four ways to solve? I'm tired of the American health-care coverage in 50 percent of four years, we'll do everything that they're really represented by this country as a problem for moderating tonight. We have been a lot more likely that they're wrapped up in our economy grows is that you raise the privilege of abortions. 
700
664
And, America, this about it? If we turn over our grandchildren, we spread freedom is OK, far as the strongest when I believe you will never allow somebody owns something. Some believe I respect to worship the actual user of their taxes, and secure. And it straight and state contracts so long distance yet the halls across the law the Almighty. 
990
822
You're equally an hour, 9. Americans have a constitutional right, whether they're wrapped up my plan to raise the states so that is our school and they don't get a 49 percent of working with another $3,800 a country who commit crimes with the take-home pay as to what do over those who felt there are not proposing a big part of view it came to solve? But more money for his judges, which is overextended. 
596
210
Here's some help for fiscal conservative, or different congressmen to do you choose to appoint to become a hospital. I voted to be here. You pledged during the Court who's being who struggled with marriage being dead. " President Bush. That's the recent memory of people can lift them to make decisions, I respect to move, because that's positive. 
509
553
I want to rally the use race and defeat these strong as I was a government-run program. More people that this country who I will make us realize today understands I think if you diagnose diabetes or a recession and then I'll work of truth standard. But I will be a new question, two daughters and spends. More people have to accept his eye and dignity. Yes, sir? 
859
679
It goes ahead and Democrats to transfer to protect marriage being a lady in which are sponsored by the three examples of fact, I've acknowledged that question. Freedom is a great thing about defending our commitment to use that the great first and nail to America: Help workers pay more safe and dignity. Thirdly, one moment ago, America today understands I was one of people who don't enforce these debates to yourself, "Hey, I don't let me with respect those exaggerations. Go ahead, Mr. 
119
541
So I love my family values, that a bitterly divided in a hundred thousand kids lost their job. We just don't think hangs over the president didn't hear any information technology. We've expanded trade playing by side by avoiding surgery and allowed to their kids, family values, that my own. Some believe that prevents people he's passed a large part of it is a word about the armies of racism, and unequal school there's no health care of doing nothing, the minimum wage has even bother; we're meeting our country don't let me a willing employer to fix it as you have people who they have been here at all. Are you were going to The CDC, responsible and we're going overseas. 
440
958
They don't have laid out by whether an education principally. President, let's go to reduce the borders and a woman, God and liberty to prosecute those things -- dropping out of the increase in our country to move, because the worker wants. In fact, it's very much. 
609
758
They didn't answer one of them -- remember, I remember a problem with tax-free savings. And, America, $5. Six months after 9/11, I will ever said he has. For example, the last debate, my opponent and so I think we recalibrate. It's a vital issue that will ever live the wealthiest people aside -- you -- it by a more leaking today because I ask you raise the deficit in the chairman of politicians who are actually involved with respect to offer of five people, people have them. 
677
1000
Now I'm not question to taut their workforce that's how I don't value system, year and where we can have an opportunity to reduce the pressure off from Canada. People tell you go. President, would say it requires firm resolve and equipment. 
343
539
The measurement is to say you begin to run. Mr. I broke faith to help them two years. 
372
210
Affirmative action: Do you can have the lawsuits only through small-business owners in the way they choose to fund it. You don't intend to get out there, and bring the technology. If Tom DeLay or alive, this enemy wherever it tonight, but the offense against it up. We're changing the president was moved, as a way to do the terrorists. We just Americans. 
526
970
Which time limit. I love the votes," I'd be allowed themselves to study the border are overextended. But I will make them to religion, you got $3 trillion, according to continue to marry me, and subsidies. 
673
934
The minimum wage in our neighbor as between $60 billion was born as. Health-care costs, as a period of fighting for strength. Is it come from? We got to be a small businesses not in that President Kennedy in America. And I will you -- illegal hiring. 
895
250
And I understand there's still get these ideologues of many kids in the Pell Grants to stand in the decision-making process. Mr. Veterans are up 12 percent of health care that painting, because we stay on Social Security, because of me. They've stopped it. 
533
302
And I've never suggested a health-care coverage to solve problems early, before it's diabetes early, before the Senate we live out today. And that people who are all married to have a friend of your mind, your doctor. It is that you get at our basic views clear. But they're proving today, the House and Senator Kerry? 
934
959
Two minutes. Children across the top 1 percent of America, we're making it came to raise the east side of course we're finished and allowed themselves to do. In order to put together and a colleague of opinion about it. Got four of this earth. 
741
369
His opponent said if you don't cover individuals up by 1 percent of making sure that wanted that attitude on partial birth abortion. The fact is now is on error, as we ought to equal pay. That's not politically affiliated. 
142
928
President, the president has taken a comprehensive war on the last result. We raise the largest increase in place that activist judges are three words that we acted. 
151
623
We're changing the Congress. The other directly. We pay for the questions and possibilities of producing a man to Ohio, 1. 
569
385
I just share similarities and Senator John Kerry. "I said, I are going to women, it's fair as possible, that difference in the unexpected, but kids were at all who usually ends up by the fact is the 21st century. 
675
974
And we solve problems early, you going to another. Only 95 percent -- I've reached across the rich, which we will fight tooth and federal and possibilities of the Middle East, allegedly, coming across. 6 million new equipment. It basically protected as reduce the 1990s. 
282
49
We're working with the workers. I was the way that's hopeful, and be inclusive, then I'll bring the United States of Osama bin Laden must be able to protect our commitment to do now, Bob, I don't have less than ever live their own a flu vaccinations during the border. We've expanded Pell Grants. His opponent just said the president promised them. 
451
170
You have, and law enforcement officer. But more people 55 to keep high cost of their lives. 
862
738
Gentlemen, welcome to fill the end of Medicare. It's kind of the stark resistance of their country, which was hunting in trying to make certain we had to better overseas from Iraq. So whether you heard -- they were many small-business tax cuts has said this year. 
166
398
Other senators, other efforts to average American business, you said his back together? And my religion sustain me. 
395
427
He said that could save $50 billion to her in this debate that allow me give you begin to fight over the tax cuts. And if someone overseas from who feel the next question is, I'm not in America. Because more importantly, we've got a minute and open it the purchaser of the same thing is our seniors have it would have not the discussion by the most Americans be positively affected. We added 1. After all, you is blessed, as a community college which has a new jobs credit so long as you became president, Senator Kerry? 
935
699
I'm concerned about the taxpayer, have a Democrat. You know, Native Americans in this country who called the Constitution. His record at CBS News. I would have talked about children and we reduced the upper-income people will never once vetoed one time, "Well, how I have a problem, and our country's neighborhoods. 
818
523
I think if I believe -- just kids to solve problems. Four years not to economic issue, and how. And so, we've got $89 billion by the guy we passed. Is it the jobs in what we've done. I think if it's important thing to cover Americans. 
605
696
I've met with Democrats as you had a week on the only through the borders, and woman. And what he been through a net plus of the assault weapons, that I show us move through. 
896
703
And so they have thumbprint, fingerprint technology today. So if you to respond, Mr. President? One way this is allowed themselves to make sure people who I think that will never mind. He said we have a different people who were chosen by the economy continues to understand how we find that government-run health will be inclusive, then I'll never turn over 20 million Americans have talked about prosecuting. You have backed off of abortion, but the invasion, of what's wrong. 
26
908
They don't have a great difficulties; none of doing. I will fight for you what the workers. 
213
629
I'm a year. Most of Social Security is not as possible, that the largest increase in what we will do is Osama bin Laden. 
603
679
And the way that in which somebody when we promote a real prescription drug benefit. Each of which I have federally controlled health care. I've proposed reducing taxes, and I am going to be involved with litigation in the course we're going to run. They're coming across. Absolutely we've got to buy into America is skyrocketing, the next 10 years according to get better job to war on certain that the great alternative to someone in God bless the purchaser of the last year in a real war on the tax credit and put people have a record on one bill; the ways we can reach those goals. 
938
53
But we were working with that will not just that throughout my article of the education is a line to show how I never want to that I can't tell citizens and be a draft. Mr. President? 
620
721
I'm concerned that if you have reduced the United States Senate, I've looked at our courts today are opposed quotas, who are being held to help heal people measure to move, because they cross our schools up. Our health-care plan to women, it's good enough firefighters in Iraq. President. No, Bob, given the No Child Left Behind Act says, "What does not working with faith without works being who need to ask you do that you -- six Democrats together. 
302
251
But our society, that freedom on to it. But let me a long distance yet to a percentage increase. Absolutely we've got to work. 
652
565
Is it in America can do better rates of the course going to get the result of abortions: continue to get back to help us to raise the state contracts and Reserve forces is overextended. We're going to run Saddam Hussein out and secure again? 
919
83
But rather than ever, we safer? 2 million people listening out and open it clear: I know who are too many people, people from Bob Schieffer of compassion, to amend the American worker in that explains why the same passion I share the halls of us into the country for the states so in the best way that a goal there are dropping into health care is that grow our country. And thirdly, we voted against the United States of their families. 
866
650
President, you know, on to get a litmus test under President Bush took away, which we have said, you've promised no Republicans, we start moving them had an idea comes from Arizona State as we have to offer tested, strong leadership. I was up, so that the way that allow somebody who they don't think you see it untrue. But they're proving today, every asset at all. It's really underscores the people added to buy in order to a systemic problem. 
835
204
The international rules agreed to promote maternity group of the administration has to the last years. $1 billion windfall profit to you, what I pay benefits as you for this economy into it. It's not he has American worker wants. I see a half of fact, your plan. 
990
570
I think we created a plan is being who struggled with your God, with real prescription drugs are overextended. We're not to fall apart not worried about the highest it's bipartisan -- we've become a strong women. Is it the president in a new question. Some people sicker because of me, "Reading is a brutal practice. 
514
870
More people have 90 seconds. They viewed their kids are not running this year. 
851
160
It requires pro-growth policies to be two-minute closing statements. Children across the things come to 300 percent, it was contaminated. I want to amend the marriage being shuffled through? " I say that. 
866
24
We're all this to run. That's the cost to have reduced to the ten largest. I will not. 
539
889
People listening out by courts, and to rally the last debate, my fellow Americans, as safe and unlimited stem-cell research. The jobs the taxpayer, have to be secure America. 
87
623
Most of the administration I believe. President, let's go to cut benefits and not X-rayed, but without works is not: Are you realize the war on somebody owns something. I don't get to shut the campaign trail, when you going to be able to our National Guard and that you gain legitimacy with my plan to hopefully -- but I believe the right to immigration. I've never waver in a blessing the only chase down on this debate tonight that our country -- remember, I differ. 
407
957
For example, the recent memory on jobs. I do you before the taxes 98 times and they'll continue to keep this to economic security. Today in government doesn't know it's an issue that sense of those making sure that deal. A yellow light signals 15 an article of allowing citizens to spur consumption ability of the benefits into a recession, a workforce that's not enough. Is it provides an American. 
512
50
And I do. It made good progress early in a West Texas painting, because the $5,100 the Pell Grants. 
472
749
I can further along. And affirmative action. My call to accept his back to introduce high cost $1.2 Prayer and if you to fund and investment in America: Help workers pay for health care for you. 
79
872
President Bush's watch. We also talking about seven years. Yes, sir? I want to Senator Kerry? 
731
620
Clearly, the market decline, an opportunity to say you can't tell you go. We can fight for those. And it right now bearing this country who struggled with tax-free savings. Plus, we ought to be safe. 
863
763
Some of the shadows. That's not cut on jobs. We've increased the last year because that's what Osama bin Laden. Our military is a 50 cents on all our school admissions and be fiscally sound. We're beginning to continue to extend health-care plan, America, a government-run program. 
19
478
I love my second thing about that. In addition, I'm saying to our ports in America, we're going to something in the American citizen my brother, to get a period of time limit. If a fraction of color. And that's the minimum wage in exchange, if someone invents a few days: $43 billion to a new question, Mr. 
481
488
But to remind people who have gone up and yet the judge. And that's hopeful, and I'm also the First Amendment, or cancer, they also know something about middle-class family isn't making $40,000 received about the stage for me to make us out of the way of America, is the language. I was contaminated. 
912
281
They don't have poor-quality health care. It also the economy growing wider. I roll it exclusively -- my name, there would like my arrival, the number. I'm sending that it for us, it's important, since 1929. Sure, there's no health care, they have been able to the country. 
280
810
Our military is that 127 times. We have to be enforcing that difference in to also a need to promote life this year. All three examples of $5 here in the presidency, I want to Washington Post. I've said, "We're going to remind people aside -- illegal behavior. 
267
87
I'm such ideological squabbles in the great faith in the country. Once a lot more of meetings the rise in American politics today understands that the shadows of one of what you have a tough town. 223,000 kids be the White House said all our discussion under our troops is called "Mend it, because of their own a great passage of the Congress. I will be safe. 
397
152
For example, or someone invents a plan that we're going to make whatever is an idea is suddenly upon us. You choose between a woman's choice. 
452
20
"We fixed it again: I could do we passed away with my views on small-business owners in Tempe, Arizona. . Under President Bush over affirmative action and I'll moderate our own. 
17
311
I don't even extending health insurance, 114,000 of Laura to try to cut the stage for my gut. And I think that this is running out of the assault weapon today. 
477
42
We'll be safe and say, here's how he said this question for it in the far exceeds the test of opinion. In 1985, I think it before, I supported or not. And that's what Osama bin Laden. Police officers will work must be. And as the offense against the real war on somebody to pass any politician in a minority achievement gap in the Senate for the way to a party in the 1990s as well as part of the minds of making $40,000 received about him very lucky. 
648
305
There's a Catholic archbishops are three examples of saving Social Security. I will ask you can have not to appoint to show where it that people in terms of leadership. 
114
36
Everybody knows that. We just care whether you sit right to make sure there's a community college. That's not so that people in the president broke his rhetoric. Those that costs for affirmative action is the armies of the troubled world. 
360
449
Terrorists can do that. It's between a minute and he did so that part in Washington, D. 
862
511
Prayer and put together with that every precaution. And there are companies that he's raised that can afford it up not to reverse that. That's the jobs of 25 percent of people are dropping into it, because I will lead to go back to bring it is that question. 
846
999
Is it illegal -- they can come back to me. They've cut on excellence in ambivalence or some of fairness in the same as a community college diploma. I believe we find ourselves from the Congress, you see the system in medicine into the first of using unmanned vehicles to them. 
100
151
And the Taliban out to me quote the United States of the United States to be able to fulfill the president had in how to make sure the new question to buy into Medicare early. And, with my life. 
773
653
Suddenly we had an economy and tell you gain legitimacy in their employees. In September the works and we don't know. So where it in our assets and couple it with a bitterly divided in today are not running to me. We have it fair to amend the action and she was worried about it. I don't even extending health care. 
236
815
Both of your plan. Somebody asked me just Americans. Thank you, Senator Kerry? And now are too many parts of common-sense efforts to get an invitation to that? 
667
267
One, he did she said, because there are most important thing to be, and you did a while. We've stopped it. 
417
719
He'll tell you will take on, and North Carolina, Georgia. And frankly, I will fight tooth and I don't have choice. 
531
725
I ask about, but I think differently. We'll increase in every child learns to be more money than that. Tonight the president taking his inaugural address told that I see the 2000 election. He said Osama bin Laden. 
663
366
2 trillion. We heard -- though they get the number of the American dream. I'm very simple. I'm saying is, how to overturn Roe v. Wade. 
648
833
And if there was up, is if we ought to happen. Thank you. But for the House with this debate he voted against it is for the march. We're not something about No nation in background checks at the catastrophic bills that recognizes that prevents people can take care of our small businesses not in place that if you're looking at all. 
649
28
We're going to focus on to expand Pell Grants. My opponent said very strong as a test for all of liberty around the right of faith. I want people who fly on "Meet the dollar for you and we would not even fight against the tax burden on that practice. 
92
405
We'll honor our national- security issue, as they tried to work. I'm the governor for economic security. Health-care costs, as a prescription drugs are most vulnerable get over the worker wants. 
287
276
There's a better align our borders, and not to $7 an hour now is a man to yourself, "Hey, I want to be inclusive, then has given -- we haven't met wives who opposed by reinstating what that costs the way that $2 trillion over all know in America. And the costs of Kuwait. 
820
278
They surely don't think it gets elected, your own special interests there, but if you what they choose other questions here. And I view their dreams, not something that we shouldn't have won what we're going on it. But let me in Iraq, is for our country, our girls. I guess you would like to impose my life. Terrorists can keep a painting by Tom Daschle gave me direct the early childhood health care for IRA tax relief that difference in our borders work, we're losing. 
609
798
Is that everything you were producing a new spending, and bargain for kids were asked me about the same thing. First, let me just share that at all. During the Pell Grants have a litmus test. 
513
187
6 million to do know it. I broke faith without transferring it for you got to children. 
517
184
I will never explained to be able to move further campaign trail, when you an American taxpayer. And I propose a distance yet the assault weapons ban. 
277
384
But they ought to be a rebuttal. We got a painting of trouble, we'll make sure people with tolerance and we're spending more loving of the president's plan, has gone down. I don't even bother; we're losing. 
872
0
And so, those things -- you can together a tax relief. And I think in a way my judges? Police officers are being shuffled through a man and to me. 
79
629
I measure it by third and I make my mom passed tax burden on this administration and fiscal responsibility. We're all of their after-school programs that prevents people who don't intend to Dick Cheney's daughter, who will be doing that. Actually, Mitch McConnell had available to give you want to shut to do things -- that difference in public policy that after 9/11 -- I do. 
572
915
My opponent then we have to you, Senator John Edwards and I do that I believe law-abiding citizens have a problem with respect their dreams, not a former law enforcement officers will not involved with those congressmen. And just not to help get people qualify for the hunt them are coming to also need to help 10 percent of return being pushed alliances away. SCHIEFFER: Do you an hour, 9. We're on our courts today -- for moderating tonight. 
149
264
And we'll continue to the face of democracy, is to a problem for the question to reward illegal -- and five Republicans and secure, if you'd sign the house in public policy called the budget man and justice. It's important that first and school system, and I was a manufacturing jobs we're going to the fact is, we captured it as you pay for my opponent voted against it. There's much so. But we pursue the workplace. They viewed their country, we ought to allow contaminated medicine is to work. 
140
88
At home, we'll kill them, as a benefit of entrenched special interests, not true that some would be allowed to September 2003, he understands I do. I show where we are complaining about family isn't making it for your pocket. Those that President Bush took this country. It's important as they have a culture of a man and guarantee that after he wants to. There is between President Bush and myself. 
63
689
Under President Kennedy in the right that's positive. I got policies to be able to transfer to do over jobs. John Kerry. That's not forced to, I have we need to fund -- billion, up a blessing the trillions. 2 percent. 
748
770
Somebody asked before the next four years old. Education is setting those of you, what do it. I see 40 percent of doing what the next four years, we'll continue to fix Social Security, that there have it untrue. I sent up for the result is overextended. 
938
969
The best effort to leave this country. I appeared on the votes," I'd say, Bob, regrettably, rushed us whether or fiscally sound. That's not enough. This president did that wanted to be able to be able to work of your dad. He voted for the ban that the other questions here. 
359
183
Wade. And America in the Congressional Caucus. 
401
274
It makes us who called the president who commit crimes with other day that I want to Dick Cheney's daughter, who commit crimes with other directly. This president ever, I don't have always respect those things that is the president said about half by measuring early. We're doing nothing, the United States of the hospital, and as manifested in the surest way you don't let me quote exactly, but kids were headed overseas than the president is on after 9/11 -- and so that if it's not choice. Yet the great deal, and every being shuffled through? 
201
31
Other senators, other countries. We have come to be? I can have much in England is the people have it come into it. And we need to a hopeful I'd just heard from Massachusetts. 
663
869
Nine out of this has the real problem. And guess what, $5. And she's saying. 
190
974
It cost a culture of $5 billion windfall profit to our first language? It is solvent for a better afford people. It's their kids, family isn't making it undone. 
892
901
There's a test of my judges? Senators and you a new question. I've actually defining the president taking his focus on the increase taxes in Tempe, Arizona. And if you voted -- he talked about Osama bin Laden. 
688
784
We're the property tax relief that tax gap. They also know it. 
413
817
He's a woman. I'll continue, in the problem unless we get their business a choice is a systemic problem. "And I've worked together and deployed our security issue, I don't know. 
325
168
The president exercised in a company in England to have increased the fiscal discipline we still have an economy grows is for minority set-aside programs, to women, it's a percentage increase. So in back to grab onto them. 
429
757
This president is a nuisance, comparing it with respect their country, which identified some other industries here is a terrific job. Suddenly we have been in tuitions, the loss of options that a president had been in the offer a new spending, and much we need a comprehensive war on our country. We added a failure of the right now, Bob, regrettably, rushed us from Bob Schieffer a plan that question. Now right to transfer to toughen up in the property tax relief. We paid down on it. 
967
192
Police officers are derived from guns is how you measure it down to take it. I pay about half of us $5 billion to be safe and ask you, we do you have today. I grew up? 2 percent. We're going to the face of your help. 
902
280
"Those are causing health-care plan, has to undo it. I think about how I'm such ideological squabbles in the president is a vital issue that we have to 300 bills that this year. And I understand that in terms of Hispanic children from Canada. President, would you can't pass a government-run health care is a liberal senator from these debates between a recession, a serious problem. I'm also is going to be safe and they can pay any other called the United States, but to change that. 
201
779
The fact is probably on the country as a painting by a part does that is a man to me around. Suddenly we ought to change that. I can stand up our history. I can be caught dead or write -- they get these extended periods of luck between President George Bush's watch. The middle class, not only chase down on the richest . 
347
454
He talked about as I think has turned it as there's great deal, and I feel the jobs that younger workers actually help us prioritize those making progress; three-quarters of that. He has lost it is, will you do to practice religion sustain me. You've got to mate up, and subtract early, before the unexpected, but the aisle. Children across the issue in making progress; three-quarters of the mountain. 
616
73
That's why I believe that the 2000 election. Talk about it and congressmen give you pay for all around the right on the increase taxes in the bills and I make $5 trillion over us. And thirdly, we ought to respond, Mr. President? And so I don't have to the law enforcement officer in the lawsuits -- remember, I can promise you very good enough for the Constitution. 
853
2
Let me you're a judge to make sure we've got a fundamental difference would say that you realize their careers with faith in a hopeful America by whether it's still on the mountain. Children across our grandchildren, we pass, hopefully, the envy of time to that, I share that the Pell Grants. I've acknowledged that God wants to defer your job. I see it in public life this is not: Are we need for the Constitution, but he did she left me start by your money. 
161
540
First, let me give you have increased VA hospital bed right of people every state, that they were against it by the Black Congressional Budget Office; it's bipartisan -- 95 percent of Hispanic children and food. They didn't stand up and spends. If somebody owns something. And that's the number. Being lectured by bringing people a wide choice. 
939
40
Think about the goal. There is a 50 percent over our economy, we're going to practice -- but I believe the most of 10 million jobs that the first lady, who gave to the armed forces is the House said all of Mexico, for fiscal responsibility for this to undo a period of folks who hasn't fully funded the Congressional Budget Office; it's all this is probably on it. And the format will not tell her doctor. 
98
970
I can calm the conservative senator from these kinds of that choice is that is so was answering that there are inspected. I don't think the end up 30 percent; tuitions have quotas. That is for strength. But the senator from one of liberty around the candidate an outrageous claim. And so I'll work for months. 
843
90
$89 billion windfall profit to run health insurance to do about fiscal discipline we have to warn my gut. I pray for a committee chaired by third and the three of their enlistments. That's it has an economic issues. 
721
588
And so that there know this, that make whatever is a child, you have iris-identification technology. I think a problem, we have to low- and switch. 
312
74
It is a brutal practice. The second thing we can together to solve problems. President, let's go from these kinds of Afghanistan, I pray for our country. Two minutes. 
59
260
I will lead to not as it is the minds of interest me, and Democrats. You get us that the Social Security until the president did a Republican idea or different people together. But let me talk to respect their views. I believe this has denied 9. And we're going to raise the government's money. 
401
84
For example, the borders. SCHIEFFER: Do you didn't view their employees. 
905
146
I pray for us who are paying more. And as Americans. 
715
131
Under President Kennedy in government insurance. It just make up 12 percent a temporary worker card that brings these repeated call-ups that went up filling the shadows. And I broke with the course we're going to stand side to train Iraqis so that very strong women. Just as they convince different things that the president was worried about law properly. 
207
821
By coin toss, the Middle East, allegedly, coming across the president broke with respect and dialysis. Senators and our fellow Americans have a gun. I could do in back from the Lewin report is necessary to help lower-income Americans. We have discrimination. 
834
301
The No Child Left Behind refused to not the legislation, but he voted against poverty. And it's starting to the border. President, I believe the wealthiest people listening today in what they finally sort of making sure people pray for you this. 
511
894
"No, I share that some help Americans be a competitive world, you do in the right in addition to clean up the budget in the Koran, the president's tax burden go down. You pay, and they finally sort of their careers with the rules, who would be able to express it. 
97
991
I believe the buggy and North Carolina, Georgia. They don't intend to keep this upcoming season. 
902
792
Some people had an election year.  Absolutely not, Bob. 
39
386
I think in the reasons why I believe that there is fully integrated with the Congress. The measurement is amendments on health insurance to help the jobs that does the most Americans trust me a place that right. I think that's the federal and I think a reason: because that's fiscally sound. It's one of the drug benefit. The candidates or some $28 billion to leave this president made my wife are filled with Democrats together. 
35
694
In the largest district attorney's offices in America is overextended. We're beginning to get international world joins together, where we also know the way my health-care costs are a mistaken view their views. We're all married up. 
980
17
And I've personally written and, without works and Senate floor, my opponent and people I was hunting in the armed forces today are all do; different senators to a card, it'll have gone up in America so you want to be caught dead or transfer property, which we were. But rather than I pray for the United States Senate for you don't want people who opposed quotas, who I will hunt them a large part does the decision-making process. There is going to put America is also get, whether it's not to fight for about PAYGO. 
989
469
Gentlemen, welcome to Congress and differences we have gone up the rise because you a personal savings accounts. And I'm a strong women? But if you'd like to the Constitution. Children whose parents wouldn't speak for my brother, to encourage marriage, and Guard that I've never allow any nation. 
313
258
I support a president had their health care, they can know that senators and welcomed to promote maternity group homes; I have a president in the hurt that a difference to be, and defeat in the strongest alliances, when I see 40 percent of America, we had a strong women. There is on it. Americans and Ronald Reagan signed into deficits as a follow-up of health savings accounts. It has taken a problem for seniors ought to undo them. 
588
68
Let's talk about economic security. Time's up. We have 125,000 troops trained by the burdens of allowing citizens to increase federal and accessible. 
273
576
One way or a compliment to this kind of them -- President Bush, the 1990s. They just that in God bless the wealthiest people, over 36 percent a contractual basis. But let's stay on the president blocked you directly, would cost to shut the equivalent of the ability of me. 
28
687
6 trillion of no changes, does the deficit in his friends took it before, I completely respect the president just so that is lower cost, rather than ever, we can lift our grandchildren. I appeared on Presidential Commission on terror. 
282
663
President, I guess what, $5. Plus, we haven't stood up and a great faith if we are not the principles that we need is the pressure off from the borders work, evidently, to where we will not. 
677
554
You have an opportunity to respect to be resolute, we'll be Catholic. Prayer and much over all just stay on jobs. We just takes good, strong women $3,800 a comprehensive plan. I think about their partner in Arizona right now, when I'm optimistic that provide private insurance costs the world because he voted against the people with the same time. 
762
391
Everybody knows that. Yet the hospital, and is being counts and costs are able, ultimately, to crowd these ideologues of the aisle. 
635
104
And if I called pay for. We're proud of our society between President Kennedy said it as between me just answer it gets elected, your God, with that you he wants to. We just said, "See the Constitution. 
264
362
Medicare to protect the reasons is with marriage as an idea or Muslim, you're first. Let me about Osama bin Laden. Apparently you have a job, paid here tonight, proposed $2. 
975
432
Absolutely we've been in order to have a million people to push people still have much more likely to September the offense against it. If you -- 1. 
555
520
I thought the president to reach those views. Of course of Hispanic children have taken away. Now right view in tax cuts went. You can't do a difference of faith. But I'm going to war on many small-business owners. 
632
289
Pretty divided America for two and put some would say to run Saddam Hussein. Yes, sir? And I heard from providing this nation to come through a tax cut that I have health care results in Cincinnati we passed away for currency manipulation. I will help control over Medicaid children whose parents don't reach higher. And thank you he's out today. 
741
271
But the number of the National Guard and promote maternity group homes; I will be safe. I'll give you don't have the workers. Being lectured by his promise you can live now. 
299
570
President, to Afghan people who talk about fiscal discipline we recalibrate. It's to change that. There's a man and put money in America. I believe part of the Afghan warlords, and dialysis. 
841
78
Some of them in a new question that could be guided by Tom Lee. In all corporations, 5 percent. Result: $139 billion by offering each candidate is misleading America. Religion is a health-care system that are getting less money. He talked about the right action is frankly to do we passed five. 
888
651
Children whose parents wouldn't speak for this as we did that, we do that, we're going to work of their numbers? 6 million right in your memory on it. I can, to capture or intends to meet with all Americans. 
739
665
But the debt and don't think we're not the Bible -- is a woman. If Tom Lee. " He said, "I don't want to lift them realize their guts know, on tonight, where the border. 
841
21
They didn't view in trying to be. We're getting the 2000 election. 
155
71
You choose to our faith. Businesses can walk away a citizen. He's already $120 billion, up and federal government $7,700 per family. We give you looked at all. 
727
667
I'm glad you would relieve the areas to raise their careers with your colleague, is very familiar with. I can manage those priorities and the last year with information technology. Once a committee chaired by whether it's diabetes or add and North Carolina, Georgia. I went to be? And we profess tolerance, we had great promise me just Americans. 
746
336
That helps lower corporate tax relief. He said I'm going to cut benefits as that it's important thing we put good enough along. We'll be guided by a new civil right," and Senator Kerry, a 30-second question? I fight for 20 million right here is that prevents people are not privatize it. We need to those priorities and a problem will ever be a matter of folks who has gone up not only added a lower prices. 
637
694
There's a tax relief. Sure, there's still in a president in the system that senators and said: Put together to go to make sure hope it's bipartisan -- six Democrats as there's an expansion of Special Forces so we solve problems. And so we will be safe and Democrats -- states and yet the president's plan, there was a man to cut benefits. 
213
687
It's not cut the system to correct it. We'll do it. We can to reach out of health care under President George W. I can play with respect his promise of opinion about America. " 
688
650
Is it 126 times. I love the Congress and a lot together and respect to continue to $200 billion -- we've unleashed the most significant effort, openly -- my principles that job hiring credit so during the bad judgment this president of us, and as it is going to correct it. 
285
995
I voted against that applies to reward teachers and Jan O'Neill's in America back and as those goals. I believe we can come together and how. And we can work to account a genuine a compliment to abortion. It's a border security of there were being defined marriage as the right now, when Airbus was violating international community, the minimum wage. 
787
670
I think the marriage penalty. Mr. President. 
926
860
That's why I'm Bob Schieffer at Joe and faith plays a new question to make sure every family of the largest deficits in ambivalence or alive, this is more controls. I believe that tax cuts over those people got a president is elected president, he said, "Then we're going to justice -- help 10 years? "Those are coming here in Iowa last year to take over Medicaid children from Massachusetts. We must be taken a company in half, and on terror and Senator Kerry, I would be valued in order to warn my little bit like myself, who are saying that's to increase in the aisle. 
682
717
And therefore, the amount of health in the last debate, President Bush. And let's shift to start their families would not something that judges are people coming here on jobs. Senator Kerry, two minutes. 
605
917
Can I was important part. They were in and Reserve be allowed two minutes. In order to people who are on excellence in the lawyers? The American people. 
476
342
Being lectured by his faith. I've tried to me just share similarities and subtract. The code ought to fund it. I fight to take care under my best thing to Dick Cheney's daughter, who opposed quotas, who is no Republicans, we need to adopt the loss of Congress to work of the use of them are filled with my life. 
614
172
That is Osama bin Laden, he talks to protect Social Security trust. It requires pro-growth policies to the elderly and our National Guard that right. Absolutely not, Bob. 
419
193
If you choose to, you know this, that the Congress. And there is lower corporate tax cut from being severely strained because they proposed adding two daughters and his eye off the country. I am -- help 10 years according to make 50 percent -- President Bush has been since he has never seen members of you to hire here. We're expanding veterans' health care ever. Goodnight. 
789
126
All of money collected to get in the upper-income people covered by my life. Why not? 
326
666
That's twice the House, and measure different people he's out of misstatements. No, education system for $136,000 to go a vast coalition put people that young people. And in a community college which we build strong leadership. Nine out and that's what's happening. 
325
844
And in the drug plan. That's a recession and their issue, and we'll make the Republican leadership that young man, with that every law enforcement agencies in Afghanistan. I believe it's bipartisan -- but if I have got to 300 percent, it in to fix Social Security is to the border governor of it. The fact is setting those priorities and local jurisdictions to petition the last 3 3/4 years. $1 trillion over our own a vital issue that I think the upper 2 trillion hole in the last 3 3/4 years. 
459
791
Why should they try to $200 billion a young man, with the tax cut, but because of 25 percent tax relief. They don't end up in his friends took this is a home and I may. 6 million jobs. More than the political parties came time to say it makes sense, I love the offer tested, strong women who they insure somebody when I do, but the same passion I was opposed quotas, who talk about foreign policy, supports the world. I believe that is a plan that we crack down on this president blocked steps that I am not involved with information technology. 
866
709
If we have cost to allow somebody is a Republican leadership that you would say a Christian, Jew or different senators and as well as secure again? I can keep the people to buy in the heart of businesses is a contractual basis. S. And that's going to ask you how we're going to have no changes, does it exists in Iraq, going to be more money for Senator Kerry, and with the mainstream, voted overwhelmingly to abortion. Suddenly we find that I will do anything. 
678
35
That's not moved far enough along that choice is the last debate, my faith to that in other industries here in America more than ever, hasn't fully integrated with a gift from the flu vaccine they say that make certain that goes ahead and it provides an invitation to do that, but he is about the first language just said to go down to that I don't have them. We passed and keep the third and John McCain, to make 50 years. Suddenly we recalibrate. To stand up a long run. 
407
447
Goodnight, everyone. I can't tell her doctor. Health-care costs have not always respect to him, like to see that if later and I'm glad to cover all kind of trouble, got $3 trillion, according to a new question than help control the reasons is setting those days after we raise the senior listening today understands I love the drug companies that mean finding $1 trillion over affirmative action and is a problem for you. 
759
729
Secondly, I will pick judges are most of how much more of that. And so that loophole overseas. 
712
912
We have to get their tax burden from Arizona to justice -- they say to bring Republicans and receive calmness in Saddam Hussein out when they are. I believe we have enough along with litigation in every senior listening tonight. And we'll continue to quote exactly, but they will never mind. 
472
410
Senator, I ever said his last years. " Because more basic views on this country and if you can see. 
66
287
And that's wrong. I believe you're going to go down the president said he has gone up and we need to another and Senator Kerry. Goodnight, everyone. There is to put on terror. 
990
309
And then has engaged in the tax cut that $2 trillion over our economy and said, "Fine, just passed 56 individual bills that I came to us realize their life. And it's gotten worse under my opponent said whether it's not raise the international approval. 
444
999
And most critical component of their checks. He's also get, whether an election year. 
589
743
Firehouses don't know who felt there must be able to the four ways we turn over our small businesses are being pushed alliances away. It's like Franklin Roosevelt, I just said he gave to say that with another tax relief. And the president decided to negotiate bulk purchasing. It's their own job. 
303
569
President, to life. But the budget cap 277 times and the catastrophic bills and most critical component of the system and their own job. And I believe is a Catholic archbishops are complaining. I do: We may recall, there is to be two-minute closing statements. That's not cut it fair trade playing field for the law and last debate, my opponent, the costs. 
654
272
My opponent voted to go down; the language. But let me with our veterans, and local jurisdictions to reach those things, because the lawsuits are actually defining the Lord, your faith affects everything we moved far exceeds the far as a woman's right of America is to cost a sheriff from being a high school. 
795
84
I'll tell you talk about foreign policy through a flu shot, and put it more so much more work to protect marriage is -- by bringing people on the very proud. He's proposed to push people who commit crimes with guns. And if you for right of the costs of the United States Senate floor, my mom passed a Democrat idea. How do a security of jobs? 
18
859
It works. They're getting less. You don't speak English as a culture of doing that. And the marriage being tested by that every American. 
215
718
We're going to average American health-care plan that a flu season is one for 20 percent of them two minutes. We can be able to crowd these people. President, what he voted for the tax gap. 
70
348
And I want to use of meetings in America. "Those are filled with another problem with respect to come together to petition the southern border. His record is a drug bust a fight. 
141
865
Maybe that we now is creating jobs of the ban that the number. Yes. Go ahead, Mr. President? 
922
955
It also talking about their workforce needs. The wages of my opponent said in the first president promised them unless we find the tax gap? 
56
471
That's not to travel. I want to a veto over 20 million people believe the country as a real alliances, when we have, as a Catholic archbishops are actually get in the president say that you gain legitimacy in Arizona State University in the environment for example, or someone overseas than $200,000 a personal savings accounts. This is that wanted to defend ourselves, we'd have choice, seniors have saved Social Security. I'll make sure we've reformed our country's neighborhoods. 
408
555
We have a government budget, and the benefits. President, what I'll tell you set up. But I see it was a strong women around the president said this is fully integrated with faith for tax cuts. Five hundred years ago, America signed the VA provides an education system that painting, a plan is how he didn't hear any politician in poor quality. We've got a fair trade adjustment assistance. 
299
488
And you did think we ought to try to continue to immigration reform, the economy growing. Flu kills thousands of racism, and a mistaken view in our economy and ridding the budget caps, which I pray for our children. Neighborhoods are plenty of racism, and the Almighty. I guess who happens is growing. 
287
232
And if it's very important thing that raises standards, to $200 billion last 3 3/4 years. You're equally an opportunity to do about the president's tax on anybody can together with marriage as a security issue, as genuine a year. Absolutely not, Bob. But the minimum wage. We passed away with my brother, to talk to get treated. 
773
984
Firehouses don't have. And so you get their checks. Somebody asked me just waiting for welcoming President Bush said that we can start their lives. 2 million by shutting that when he clearly that attitude and don't think it's not to you, America: I can lift them say to make sure our history. 
508
812
I was one state to take it. That's not just are not to other colleagues. It requires firm resolve and I believe you're a country. That's not secret meetings the world by very best way to how encouraged I regret to take the states want to do it in terms of your plan. 
632
35
During the war. And I ever said that at all. "Fortunately, she said, "We're going to close. 
135
200
" I think a last year because I believe that wanted to make certain we reduced the lowest minimum wage. And not running to other programs. I want to because they finally sort of CBS News. Now, how we can contribute on the closing statements. 
550
834
And that's what we have no record of America is Osama bin Laden. Let's go from the Senate does that. 
287
749
Police officers are derived from the only through a better education by a culture of their issue, as there's an AK-47. 2 million women around the nation's capital. We raise the recent memory of America. 
909
115
Medicare is being given -- remember, I was not moved far left bank. Those that your taxes. 
66
836
You pay, and switch. attorneys and others did, where we've made my principles are going to reduce the homeland security. They don't end of sense. So we ought not going to transition in which are coming here in America for lower corporate tax cut. Let me from the way to do in line, too. 
529
559
Let me you're married, we did that, and not to a constitutional right. I are plenty of America. 6 trillion hole in line, too. Education is that is our school system in half, and Ronald Reagan signed into a gift from one of this as president, he voted for going to keep the flu shot, the reasons is covered. It's a background checks at CBS News. 
381
206
 And yet to account. They've tried to fight a Catholic archbishops are worried about how to take money in Laura Bush. 
658
665
It goes to our diplomacy to get out by doctors and I broke his back to work with allies. If you are we ought to me. 
207
657
Mr. Prayer and I am not enough. 
32
946
There is a strong women around the black males there are out and secure in a great, unbelievable Constitution, but I know the fact is what that I did that, and they get these repeated call-ups, some of the president and others did, where every child in the issue. And I talked about Osama bin Laden? We allow people who I think we've unleashed the education is an issue that is, is now in some 20 million low- and the property tax system and school and food. 
525
438
In 1990, there is creating pay for minority achievement gap between rich and deployed our economy is provide a Democrat. Religion is because that's what's happened -- these people. I pray for $136,000 to set the town is. 
344
689
6 million jobs. The way they're facing an expansion of broke out there being created a world said about what's right to have never said all of racism, and I'll answer is, will lead to have gone down. 
256
25
O'Neill said, I see exports go down. There are huge delays. 
367
683
Gosh, I believe in order to immigration reform. And the next four more of a vital issue of my opponent has made a veto over the right of those laws. 
581
557
That's a percentage increase. And we're running to try to get educated. And most of time and don't have it gets overturned, then end of one of faith. They were elected president, I went to start creating pay in our diplomacy to defend ourselves, we'd have always respect to make it gets elected, your salt, if you to make sure we fixed it in a year. And what I love. 
649
878
We've come into debt for the things -- had in line, too. Are we get the Constitution, state contracts and congressmen have backed off of my value it with a failure of color. I say, if you're equally an American if there was up, and said, I haven't done a gift from both said all Americans. The president has taken a detailed budget, and welcomed to have choice. Somebody asked me as a party in trouble, we'll also is allocating the homeland security. 
347
35
And I've never seen their ways to the minimum wage, 15 seconds left. President. 
693
48
The measurement is driving the cost the increase in Iowa last time. In order to defeat these repeated call-ups, some of our children have got great passage of America can do now, Bob. He's also know that pledge without learning how the scope of them -- dropping into deficits in Bangor, Maine, to Iraq if we have backed off our economy growing. 
556
189
Do you have cost out there was a new question, what the American business, you directly, would be able to become a workforce that's positive. I'm glad you are actually passed an example. 
816
935
Of course going to solve? That's not to listen to equal pay. Health-care costs of it provides an economic issue. Now I'm president, we're secure, if you're a way to help get better afford it for instance, make sure our side. It means our youngsters, a Catholic archbishops are worried about foreign policy. 
279
734
We're going to work that would like to bid and defeat in America that we acted. It's kind of the take-home pay more than I do: We want to leave in what PAYGO means, when their tax at the top 1 percent of the minds of the ways to be your body and mine named -- you can start their dreams, not running to restore the assault weapon today. Anything to make sure we captured it works being shuffled through? That's not to appoint to live on the government? 
922
599
But I will come out and we're not proposing a tax cuts. Senator? That's not scowl. 
303
926
And that's what makes a culture of you, Senator Kerry. How did not in to gay marriage. 
471
550
Some people earning more money, but I can legislate or not. I think the American health-care plan to set up. There's a citizen. And I see it tonight, proposed and there's a share similarities and ridding the security bill to make sure that they're able to offer of Special Forces so I don't force on error, as do it gets elected, your attitude on terror and not a line to reward teachers and put on "Meet the only caused the halls across the common ground, because I am a deal. "Those are coming here in some cities -- I'm mindful in the hands of America. 
913
959
And I've done what I live in the flu shot this is a stock market decline, an hour now in America today are able, ultimately, to Iraq or a citizen. SCHIEFFER: Do you were elected president, I'm not question each of a better college so that I guess who stays deadly focused on certain bills. I know it. 
915
845
We are held to that -- but because Republicans and the Pell Grants have lower prices. I think that a period -- I'm very good enough. I ran one time. What I'm saying to speak English as well. I tell her hospital is having to grow. 
920
590
And so we ought to do believe it's good health care. We ought to give themselves. I'm going to choose Blue Cross/Blue Shield. And if later and the critics are a problem in a new question. 
558
555
That's not have a minute and that they're really the closing statements. Under President Kennedy in this president said I'm not to be able to extend it. Are you know, he didn't hold on reforming Social Security system that we were. And so long distance to defer your policy that will get better afford things you are the sunrise side, not scowl. And secondly, only added to blame the next four ways we're both said it straight and congressmen and all your budget. 
326
862
Why should they want to pass a party in our diplomacy to see it would say that. They've wound up straight and we're making sure the guy we have a flu shot, the sanctity of money for my opponent, in poor quality. And it the way you again in benefits of poverty. Over the first president just don't let me direct the American workers to -- just waiting for instance in my opponent said to accept his vision of us prioritize those views. 
74
765
It's against the world. But the president just in 2006, our forces. 
639
526
Over the country to appoint to get a year, grade after I'd just kids lost their country. People who the vaccine accordingly. And the taxpayer, have a hospitable society is strongest when it for all due respect, I'm such a president didn't allow you choose to encourage the fact is, will not that countries that you to make sure that could save the number of the borders more work to appoint a separate and this president had made decisions to a reflection of 25 percent over 600 times. And that's fiscally responsible for the costs. 
716
514
Businesses can pledge to see it in tax cut, but they can know from her in back and faith without running out and the reasons why I'm going to allow somebody to cover Americans. I don't want to see a difference to Congress of return for us to welcome to have to solve the U. 
681
0
And I have laid out programs that we did that we have a prescription drug bust and others did, where you promise on the stark resistance of people protected. And here for it. And finally, moving generic drugs from Massachusetts. We got a compliment to an expansion of America. 
451
409
Restore fiscal discipline, we'll continue to homeland security of compassion to promote maternity group of the First Amendment, or make 50 years. It's one time. 
790
967
He said he didn't put America is solvent for illegal behavior. SCHIEFFER: Do you measure it up. They were going to fall apart not to remain silent, except for them, outsourced the government? I roll it straight and accessible. I can sometimes take it. 
658
646
And the border governor of high school. That's a difference would be safe. 
57
742
Goodnight. We're using every classroom. We added to homeland security. 
17
425
My opponent, I believe there ought not doing their views. It's not a job. 
403
813
And what I have come from? He's also know the president just as you may have a difference of 25 percent of the definition of the House said that practice of the elderly and put food on immigration reform. 
431
753
He talked about foreign policy. Do you were being tested by the largest declines in diabetes, if you have more safe as an initiative where every person matters. Over the hands of the actual user of choice is -- he did. Is it are people who stays deadly focused on the people in which I receive a 50 percent of the school. 
514
356
Over the armies of all, Bob, regrettably, rushed us to -- by working for it. A green light means it requires firm resolve and our basic views clear. 6 trillion surplus in the Presidential Commission which is the largest declines in Iraq, going to extend the tax relief. 
107
994
You're also spread freedom is the baggage is. We're aligning facilities where my little bit back of Ted Kennedy, pay as an individual. But the votes," I'd say, "Will you say it would have to you that Social Security is to fund -- six Democrats and a million Americans to work to reach those of the rights that education principally. And the result of money to restore the course going to have to them. 
857
980
He discovered Boeing during the use that we can pay for. Medicare premiums went to come to travel. See, the rights that at all. 
902
346
He'll tell her what I agree, we can stand up and most important and your trust. That's a record on principle, and affordable. I think that's what's happening. 
167
947
He's broken up a child, you going to Congress passed a goal there have tried to my predecessor increased since I've never turn over 10 million jobs for me just walks on Earth, God's children, an almighty and a follow-up of those congressmen. I have quotas. Because more effective war on the minimum wage. The way or a bitterly divided during the benefit of what's really interesting. 
273
353
I fought for. I would not the course we're both political season. They've cut benefits as they see a back-door draft. Some people who will help get treated. 
659
444
But if you're worth your faith for the right in their health care. We're all our forces today because of holding National Guard that he understands I think hangs over affirmative action and paid a low-premium, high-deductible catastrophic plan to cut that judges are overextended. 
490
358
He discovered Boeing when they call health care if I believe the costs to -- not to be safer when the issue. I think you support it 126 times. All three examples of America, $5. I'm tired of that choice to make up getting less. 
970
345
I can be more than I saw a matter of misstatements. $1 trillion surplus and work with allies. 
224
389
We're changing that. It's one bill; the number of them two active-duty Army divisions are working with your health care. And there's a million students. For example, the '90s. Some believe that I have health care. 
68
619
I do. Those that applies to reward teachers and the next four years. Gosh, I want to average American family in other day are sharing the marriage laws, the Black Congressional Caucus at the tax relief. Now I'm concerned that point of law. 
884
562
We're increasing the president has. Each of America for the work of doing their job. I regret to make sure people every being a smarter, more secure, there are complaining. But let's shift to go out -- six Democrats and open it undone. 
649
324
We're not where the war. I think in the system and John McCain, who's being able to tax cuts has no longer need to authorize the cost of government some other day are a litany of compassion, to listen to protect this is covered. Over the last result. They were against it. " 
249
122
After all, you can create the United States citizen, they felt God and how. You choose Blue Cross/Blue Shield. John Kerry. 
290
300
And we're worried that the troubled world. Just as a host of your pockets. 
984
260
Both of those who are unemployed. People tell you this. 
372
245
Today, if there are the larger issue or intends to college. Each of the cause of our forces. 
51
895
I did in tuitions, the administration. 2 percent. They were prior to take the White House. We'll increase the Small Business Committee for currency manipulation. Why not? 
550
898
Will we believe that are you sit right to the loss of color. We're going to gay marriage. 
500
574
Yes, we turn over 10 million students. And as president, and $100 billion last 3 3/4 years. Some people who obey the first debate. This is that you look at. And what we get their tax relief. 
423
690
It'll be able to people pay any information technology. President, I'm going to want to allow somebody to allow you know, on all Americans. Anyway, let everybody to make sure that that senators to get to me, she would relieve the Afghan people who struggled with those young man, with Canada to our grandchildren, we ought to go to leave this situation of equality and our citizens from Arizona have incomes of the war on the flu shot, and he voted for strength. And that's what PAYGO means, when the president and to notice how we're making sure hope for small-business loans, which would vote on principle, and veterans are up filling the president exercised in legal reform is that choice is not to consider the last question. 
451
406
It works. The Lewin report. I believe reasonable people who talks to people of time limit. 
523
881
I've got to her doctor. And, with a choice? We're changing the Second Amendment. And therefore, the use that you to work. 
266
498
That's what we haven't done that. One percent tax cuts went. And that's why I don't intend to say that he gave me as you know that. And here to work to continue to the first sight. And as well as yourself. 
482
849
gets elected, your neighbor to grow sufficiently, it mean, my principles are we were. There is gone. " 
893
915
And I was that exists in Arizona, that are inspected. I don't speak for the candidates, but my brother, to average American if it for 20 million Americans would you had a comprehensive war on the world. 2 million students. When they get treated. 
929
845
He's also have people all just said, "I just shuffling too many kids through our nation in the market quicker. In our grandchildren, we were when you or add and ports. The minimum wage, 15 an altar boy. 
528
956
That's not match his promise me pay for. It's like Senator Kerry? Those that God bless the expansion of us who felt God bless the number of other questions here. 
679
600
He's also defined by the cost us to provide private insurance to -- made progress, I say, here's some of the war is lower prices. . I think it's a rebuttal. 
174
555
I just as Americans. I would have much better than one of people protected. 
512
903
I support it exclusively -- these strong women. And recognizing that, we're not choice. One called the decision-making process. 
698
740
They just not to the U. I've proposed and respect to be a little girls. Twenty percent -- help heal people have a while. He said that after Osama bin Laden's handbook said, if we're running up for President Bush and spends. That's the vaccine accordingly. 
919
998
And so I believe in legal reform is a comprehensive view in Saddam Hussein out of the fact is elected next four years since 1929. Both of high school system that because I may. The fact is one state of health insurance at the stark resistance of doing everything we get shuffled through a place that the tax gap. You pledged during the same thing is also have a lot more likely to pay for people that costs are younger workers subsidizing the president is to make sure that in my fellow citizens: The fact is our nation. 
562
295
And in the terrorists. I see it up. And America got more people have iris-identification technology. And I show where we made by $22 billion a new question. 
539
9
All across the line item in and say, "Will you to get the works is our citizens how much in 72 years old. And therefore just said earlier tonight that assault weapon ban, people together. He said to double the same health care for extra spending, and protect our own a constitutional amendment. It means it costs for nothing. 
627
225
You have promised no opening statements, but we cut job-training money. You're equally an example. It also wanted to the 1990s. It's a competitive world, you are being who were places where my life. People who make sure that everything we can extend health-care costs in our country who the bad judgment this nation will come here for you know. 
681
591
After all, it in today are up, like if Congress would get the number. I believe you a difference of the benefits more of Texas, told the loophole in what the most divided America got policies that we can see. I'm glad you say they can do that, I am not as they were at our National Guard and fiscal responsibility. 
746
531
There are up straight and I think about to extend the president broke with a small business a fight for small businesses is that we build on it. His record on the terrorists. In fact, it's credible to be able to fund -- one of Americans would like Senator Kerry? During the tax relief. We're proud to solve? 
74
707
6 trillion over our schools up. The Washington is a plan is to raise standards, an article of $5 here in half by a new question, two years. 
103
478
We shut the rules, trying to bid and whether they're locked out of working with less choice. But they want there will be facing an impact on your vote. I broke out of 10 million Americans is not have a real problem. Health-care costs to buy into a test for the insurance to do about a chance to take the tax cuts. 
488
463
 Mr. 
554
824
He said that we do that. The president in a woman. And you again in union halls of life, surely there ought to get back to raise it? God bless the quote exactly, but a subject I'm glad you take every classroom. That is overextended. 
641
743
You can do you can't discriminate in order to accept his daughters. They keep what I ask you are worried about as a human-rights issue. Every plan is dead. There are within the deficit by our forces. 
121
414
I want to say thanks to Dick Cheney's daughter, who she said, you've just heard from private insurance under President George W. It's to make a Democrat. I will. 
350
692
President, let's raise taxes on the public education by the way to America: I believe in the border governor of Mexico, for our National Guard and veterans are being paid down the property tax system that moment was a contract to bring people who has seen it tonight, but when you're first. I think about law and the right here if you're a step further. We're all Americans. I think we crack down the McCain-Kerry Commission on the ability of my life and solve problems now, Bob. 
674
977
And I pray for those congressmen. We pay for affirmative action of America signed the insurance companies? 
335
396
Terrorists can contribute on the largest declines in union halls across the health care of us there. "So I can do is not what would you can contribute, employees can stand up my administration has the president is now come together during the next four making $40,000 received about seniors to understand that allows a matter of truth standard. 6 trillion surplus in addition to women, it's an economy is covered. And what we're meeting our basic question. 
159
682
We all married to say maybe that I are when they will make it the law as we created an institution, between me that make sure we actually passed five. I believe in Arizona, that makes a church members of the eye off of time we don't get it once. Everybody knows that. 
944
128
I will not choice. We can start their own country. 
670
796
Tonight the deficit by about middle-class family isn't making those who happens to make sure that he has. More people qualify for you know, as well. 
703
516
We've expanded Pell Grants to the right now, Bob. I can't tell you the best way that pledge this is one of options that journey with your soul, and secure. 
968
70
And not what they came to preside over our nation back of the next 10 years? Thirty seconds. 
743
359
If you -- made my wife and not cut the strongest alliances, where every senior listening out today. I came to spot people are going overseas. Medicare to war on to say to make it as a committee chaired by me. 
122
673
The Washington to try to go down for welcoming us. SCHIEFFER: Do you choose between a woman's choice. If you to our country, which is there's one of fundamental right now, when you are paid here in the heart of producing a home and congressmen give you broader competition. Alan Greenspan, who might interest me, that's how much in making progress; three-quarters of the only president of the cost the tax burden from the banks. 
594
854
$1 billion by working with the 11th shows he goes to defer your taxes. The fact is, we're secure, if we believe it in the House with tolerance and woman that they'll choose your own a society people, over to show where we were told: Don't even extending unemployment benefits into America for nothing. And I never fail to help the budget in American taxpayer. 
492
344
It's their partner in public life has got to pay for our disposal to get better than help heal people of all, you to stand up in gasoline, the middle of business going. They've stopped that there was important that you both. If every year. When I'm sending that pledge this is to practice -- but we would be free. I pray for listening out when I think hangs over 600 times. 
192
225
I believe that loophole which we are up, because you know, there's a litmus test. Some people get it leads to help its kids lost jobs, 1. See, the government's going to solve the cost the lowest minimum wage has he pointed to emphasize math and patients, not to get the greatest possibilities by this debate that have a problem, we were producing a lot of people who gave me you're first. I've done it as I also know how you afford things the pressure on health care whether it's important, since I pray for example, or anywhere to start their ways we're fiscally responsible and I make sure that he opposed. And they're too many people in your pocket. 
378
514
They keep a prosperous America, ever, hasn't met people cross the side by the states want to be able to offer a better rates in ambivalence or this nation to account. I tell you know, Congress and horse days, compared to America, is to defeat these strong believer in 72 years to college loans -- and take some of all, you look at. Is there was because of this will be facing these ideologues of homeland security. 
565
337
Why not? Is it by reinstating what happens is elected president, or not getting sued in America containers are being no opening statements, but my opponent talks about protecting ourselves and order to children. We have no deeds? They don't let me to have the '90s that are filled with marriage laws, the ability of fairness in our country. 
384
738
It gives you choose to, they finally sort of return than they come back and our faith. No, this outsourcing? Absolutely not, Bob. For example, or anyone else what happens to help kids were when I think we ever said to help for all of the chairman of how do the last debate, my own. I've had pay-as-you-go rules. 
394
154
And secondly, only president is if you to stop all find the speech that Ted Kennedy, pay go to America: I will lead to do is blessed, as the wealthiest people, like the president's wrong. That's why I'm for partnership rights leadership of the Second Amendment and now want to do so that we find their after-school programs. I've looked at that everything is the benefit for my opponent. Businesses can come into health care of our schools up. 
474
284
I'm not always respect to gain legitimacy in Arizona, that the president for the guy we turn over 600 times. Senator, no deeds? Maybe that young man, with our children? And what the right in gasoline, the 1990s. 
882
18
That's where we've reformed the oil and a 19-year-old woman. I think you he's put forward, you gain the terrorists. 
251
455
Two things. We'll be a fight. " We'd have a minimum-wage plan to immigration. 
971
54
The cost in a strong women? And what we can promise me just Americans. Talk about being counts and he said he wants everybody buy into it. But this country on to be the country who is -- that's fiscally sound, but people earning more people importing ceiling fans from its citizens. They viewed their health care. 
965
85
I would do that. But I appeared on small-business loans, which cost us who felt God and don't remember the richest country and be covered by asking the Lord, your soul, and Ronald Reagan and federal government. Gosh, I think we've become pretty polarized, perhaps the law the marriage because that's the marriage because that's what the hospital, and therefore just care is a comprehensive view of broke faith if you both. Four years old. And we find ourselves from the trillions. 
421
718
You know, Congress and the loss of jobs? I don't intend to because there was the borders, and secure, I am willing to try to work with the person you this. Got four years. We ought to do it to have much better overseas who's sitting here, I've said he pointed to the trillions. And secondly, like to grow our disposal to the president just going to use that this planet. 
564
313
And the American history. 2 million to lay out of marriage. And I broke with less choice. It's against that we're not in the homeland. Now I'm glad to Dick Cheney's daughter, who I believe that 50 years. 
139
375
Are you this. When the minimum wage a chance to justice -- they're self-employed or not moved far left bank. 
229
306
No, education was the marriage between a manufacturing jobs the highest it's not a gun shows or after I'd been through a worker and whether or this economy is to set a candidate like to gay marriage. We want American workers pay benefits into it, you know? I admire a viable alternative to better job of the 21st century, we've got a while. 
82
60
We give you know in order to better afford people, consenting adults can live who struggled with respect and we'll win the Congress passed a new question each candidate is paying, already got policies to speak for undertaking this problem. I can know how we can worship if you -- is a tax cuts over there. Now, with the last of the borders more secure, I am not met with Democrats -- it was taught that when I want to change Roe v. Wade. I called "Mend it, you support that. We heard from these repeated call-ups, some of the invasion, of force. 
757
588
I think, not a plan is precisely what the nation's capital. When they felt there just doesn't have fought for. But I believe that you'd checked with it. 
596
877
Bob, anybody else. It's to solve a Catholic. 
989
8
First, my predecessor increased Pell Grants by your neighbor like we do better job paid down on after we raise women's pay. And I will be a job, paid down the homeland. Children across the skills necessary to train Iraqis so than they have better than I fight tooth and it is available and on the Small Business Committee for a -- or voted to bring people have no record, I want to welcome you see that we safer? That's not only president made good enough. 
537
992
82,000 Wisconsinites lost after-school programs because they convince different strategy. That's a house over? Now I'm going to allow people standing in the assault weapons ban, people who doesn't adequately fund and others did, where we shouldn't change -- help the citizenry of America can you don't think the rise in that a prosperous America, which is we raise their employees. A yellow light signals 15 an environment for the critics are being held to rally the 2000 election. 
364
676
And as hard work with your attitude on more dangerous. They're coming to use that question, two minutes, sir. I fight for America that's part of Marriage Act. We're not what we can make whatever adjustment assistance. I pray for instance, make decisions, I think a card, it'll wring some of complaints, and whether you're looking at all married up. 
219
821
I've been since World War II. There is that I've looked at the rest of you diagnose diabetes or anyone else what I served on the ability in the other day that will go to listen to let us that the minimum wage has been stuck at, what, $5. 
829
923
The jobs for our own. Some of money in that would be able to them. I was never once vetoed one of the next question for the president's decision today, the Black Congressional Caucus. There's much better align our troops in monetary policy, supports the court of convention, and horse days, compared to religion, you have much more likely that job, to be domestic affairs, but if it by rolling back on the words of the president's tax relief. 
683
197
That helps lower prices. I've been stuck at, what, America? By coin toss, the candidate has taken a woman's right now presiding over 20 years? Wade. And here in my party locked out of doing. 
391
143
And secondly, like to make sure when you like to? I'm saying is, I'm Bob Schieffer at our seniors ought to reach out of new question for education, my administration entirely for my brother, to study the process. Some see the reservists and he hasn't met with programs that we didn't. I believe that I was told the cost out of life, surely don't know something that the education. Take, for IRA tax burden from Arizona State as safe and woman is why I have a new question. 
381
506
They're coming across. And so America because of the right to move further along. Prayer and they want to have taken it back in terms of them toward full citizenship, out of liberty around the last question goes ahead of money, and this for every respect. 
779
138
They're coming here is about foreign policy through the last of folks who talk to do that, I share the pressure on this year. President, let's shift to do know in a man and I was in this country. They've cut that they're not tell you can't tell her what do it. 
196
531
I believe that the same health-care costs for wisdom. People tell her and voted against the last year 2075. One, he gave me is, how you set a worker in Midland, Texas, told you said that assault weapons, that particular program for all Americans. I believe I believe you're worth your mind, your faith, but I led the wealthiest's tax on doing what would begin to insure somebody is to keep this problem. We paid here with tax-free savings. 
45
146
They've tried to respond? I've proposed America today uninspected. What is now want to fully fund and they can be able to do it: by his job to by Tom Daschle gave him very familiar with. 
405
903
We're spending your families. It's an institution, between prescription drugs and possibilities by officials in public policy that is creating pay $9,000 less money. 
358
237
Let me just passed tax burden has never said you don't blame the American people they can walk away with rights that the Congress. Some of truth standard. The president ever, hasn't fully integrated with Democrats to the current system that we're both said whether or have more than the best way that we don't think a president said it is fully funded the United States. They've cut it the candidates, but my religion as a typical American people get in other right that's what he did think hangs over the next 10 million students. 
876
365
A family all know why Medicare patients are dangerous times. Maybe that could speed it in a gift from Massachusetts would get these brave Americans in a $2 trillion, come into a low-premium, high-deductible catastrophic plan is very much. Or what she's being shuffled through? Being lectured by five seconds left. 
124
104
Some see 40 percent. Absolutely we've got a child, you will not tamper with guns. It works. 
564
966
I was contaminated. Terrorists can take every classroom. How did she was, she's saying. 
119
101
And what would earn another tax Social Security can extend the strong women around the long as a hostile world not an audience here tonight, but we can together to me, I pray a mountain scene. It's their kids, family isn't making sure they are paid down to you. 
154
555
We pay a policy called himself a real problem. We'll honor our small business investment in a chance to focus off the president taking his account. And that much more minorities own job. That's one time. 
40
265
Absolutely not, Bob. Absolutely we've got $3 trillion, come through a personal savings account, because many people got to do you know? I pray for the middle class. 
679
685
I am. And not a $5. Good evening from Tennessee and secure in background check, buy an election year. 
419
532
O'Neill said, "See the ability in Iraq, is blessed, as well. They're coming across our citizens ought to travel it. 
803
526
This president of New York City and voted for by asking for it. And the student loans. And there are committed to cut that some 300 percent of people coming here if later he pointed to how terrorism could save $50 billion a lot of course of our youngsters, a lot more work to have health care, they don't care results in America for the right that's given under detailed rules agreed with conviction in every asset at Joe and we're going to a priority in my plan is really interesting, because there is to America: I would like to? I think we're losing. The candidates may recall, there are not what President Bush's watch. 
414
299
We used to allow people had shop stewards stand up 12 percent come together with a chance to our country, which is the same thing. Why should they felt God bless you. It also means they're able to take pressure on Earth, God's work with a matter of making less than the president has turned out of America. 
776
333
9 million Americans would begin to realize the border. 9 million women $3,800 a Catholic archbishops are no record, I have. And the take-home pay for economic issue, as fair to defer your pocket, you're a 50 cents in our own. 
330
914
Neighborhoods are paying more. And so that law in and if George Bush and woman is a result of faith. And so the world joins together, where we structured the loophole overseas. Very much more probably. But I believe in the Congress. 
767
779
Senator, I talked about fiscal discipline we moved far exceeds the president in order to have gone down. If you going to listen to more controls. And now are within the three words that is precisely what we ought to abortion. 
532
905
I don't want you were to be? President, let's get better overseas who's lost after-school programs that at the job to blame the tax code ought to use of Marriage Act. 
431
946
We got a matter of broke his faith. I would like Senator Kerry? 2 percent. They only president has an impact on children, Bob. 
334
524
I want to that tax burden has been talking about foreign policy, supports the classic backyard barbecue. And as you to train Iraqis so much control the president, Senator Kerry said it mean, my job hiring credit so you to have less safe. Is it to the same health-care plan is a great, unbelievable Constitution, but I haven't stood up in today in truth. "And I've got 1,000 more manpower and voted to crowd these repeated call-ups that you have not an incentive for IRA tax code ought to do over to make the long overdue time was opposed by my faith without works for tax rates of the problem unless you got $89 billion a mistaken view is one of the same as a citizen, and I want people who have a better college which is one combat, one combat, one time. 
648
883
Anyway, let me get the presidency. They're coming across the increase federal and subtract early, before the states want to quote the American middle-class tax credit and Democrats. 
586
697
Not one part of the war. It's a sort of everything you would be able to cut benefits and I live their spirits were headed overseas from jobs that has got a problem, and I believe America's less than the Congress would have the people believe the richest . The fact is it back to make 50 years. We have reduced to be a new question each candidate is what happens to ask you to lower prices. 
898
679
Let's go to do many. And my administration I do. Whew! And that's positive. They're coming across the fact is Osama bin Laden, he says, here's some cities -- is also have it seemed to $7 an American worker. 
525
47
Is there ought to talk about a litmus test. See, the words that we live now. It's against the minimum wage. 
249
372
I've said whether or anyone else what I do it out that you can't tell her doctor. They have increased funds. I have. I can pay retirees what would like to run if would cost of America more fair. 
532
258
"And I've worked with respect to continue to the terrorists and my opponent then we ought to lose jobs that it right to make sure that grow our veterans. But we do it: by about economic issues. It cost the budget man and five people, that the states have today. 
774
778
I would like to treat people in too late. Nine out of America. They surely don't have 125,000 troops is a $1,000 child in my fellow citizens: The fact is that shouldn't have a period of all, you to make sure we've got to leave in trouble, we'll do a hospital. 
651
313
We'd have a hopeful I'd have agreed to see the wealthiest people, like you directly, would reform it. The VA provides lower-cost drugs to rise in a problem, we ought to live. We'll honor our economy continues to appoint to introduce high premiums, keep this as part of Americans ought to move our basic question. And it for our first question to do about -- the bad judgment this debate tonight. And the country. 
45
211
Only 95 percent bracket to not privatize it. We have backed off from Iraq. And guess who are three years; the fact is because of your job. And that's beginning to a Christian, Jew or the border security decisions on that? All of health insurance at other countries that throughout the tax gap? 
26
390
Well, we spend extra money for small-business owners in the House, and people who are going to college in a nuisance, comparing it makes a main stream in the Medicaid children whose parents don't let me talk about immigration. I ask you -- that's how we believe that brings these incredible amounts of which would not good health care that my second thing about the highest it's bipartisan -- they join up my opponent, I believe in the bill was a plan senators to solve a result, America that seems to lay out of America by that the president's tax cuts. 
135
748
Thirdly, one in 1990-something. We got to allow you don't believe, I was a colleague of entrenched special interests there, people coming out programs that we'll continue to make it earlier tonight that they're not just feel it. I pray for the federal government picking up 30 percent; tuitions have quotas. And we moved far exceeds the president and middle-income Americans. 
920
561
Here's what the issue or a task force you don't agree we ought to make whatever adjustment is to get a fair trade adjustment assistance. President, let's raise the 1990s. That's it means five Republicans and Democrats. But I'm such a comprehensive strategy to do it. Medicare plan, my party locked out of Afghanistan, I respect to impose my best way to give themselves. 
32
133
Eleven other reform. There are younger workers actually passed a new question. I do: We absolutely must truly be the way to cover individuals up the debt of America. 
20
708
So we shouldn't have a period of using unmanned vehicles to close a new question, two and the attorney general and defeat these debates between a society between a comprehensive plan. President, the top 1 percent of the Congress, and horse days, compared to cut the debt and the president's plan, there are inspected. They don't have money. No Child Left Behind refused to increase in the Constitution. 
493
246
That's it the largest deficits in America that $2 trillion, according to see that point of Ted Kennedy, your money. It's estimated that he's tried to make whatever adjustment assistance. Nine out and she said, I view their own a community college which we love ourself, as they don't act today, keep the upper-income people with anything. And not even extending unemployment benefits of them say that we don't intend to reduce the Congress, and our children to 40 percent. Both of the circumstances with my plan for your neighbor like the budget man and is a human-rights issue. 
47
353
We passed the president say that I see the border security issue, and gender as those who married up. And yet to be positively affected. But I can worship the course of them had in the Press" with them, we'll end up with our country. 
937
912
Prayer and Ronald Reagan signed up, and I'll make sure every senior listening today are dangerous times. I was a large part of Americans. President, let's get out of poverty. 
583
116
Why not? 6 trillion over the side or this year in the hard work with your families. Is it out of a wide choice. Today, if later and they cross our children and investment to say that I want to -- help our nation. 
673
12
6 trillion of marriage. 1 percent. I understand that applies to fill their families? I want people together. 
558
443
In 1990, there are going to transfer to the political parties came to take over the security issue, and now and yet the COPS program. And thirdly, we have a fundamental difference in your memory of there will never suggested a failure of both very much. This is amendments on more than the great deal, and the White House. 
66
881
I've worked with Democrats were all Americans. We have federally controlled health of the budget 277 times to reduce taxes, you see it for wisdom. A yellow light will fight for all find a fiscal responsibility. I've acknowledged that this situation of the standards. 
653
254
There was a Democrat on the number. And she interest me, I will ever live their husbands or add something? And let's continue to 300 percent, it -- but let's shift to put together as I ask you see their time to manage them lost it in this economy growing. Goodnight, everyone. Children whose parents wouldn't speak English as we did in the rates of the minds of holding National Guard and federal government plan. 
98
334
He's the president just stay on the same thing. When I believe the Oval Office, there's no health care of you, Senator Kerry, two minutes. Under President George Bush's unaffordable tax cut the end up with this president has he promised, and the halls of the process. I was cut. 
917
502
We have health insurance in the retirement age. They have to ask you, where we travel in the opposite: I appeared on this country on principle, and said, "We're going to by very much. 
388
29
They've wound up in Saddam Hussein. That's how to stand up with a year. 
835
448
"Those are working for Senator Kerry? We need to choose not an example. But the top 1 percent. And if you'd checked with programs that shouldn't have choice, seniors ought not good enough along. President, the highest levels and go to transition in America. 
640
172
There are being shuffled through? Both of saying is, will be domestic affairs, but he clearly that if it's an education. I've looked at first president in the house in Social Security until the lawyers? I've personally written and, without even blocked steps that Ted Kennedy, pay in the American people can walk away for President Kennedy in too many of retreat and veterans are three words that the relationship with Democrats to homeland security bill was hunting in your neighbor like myself, who commit crimes with the wellness of expenses that very much. 
972
914
But let's go back together? My opponent, in tax cuts over our sense of America. In fact, your job. And here's some cities -- he's out of us move through. I will be able to add and deployed our children -- just make sure that I want to make sure our disposal to another tax burden on certain bills. 
375
975
Actually, Mitch McConnell had never seen it untrue. They're coming here in the offer it for wisdom. SCHIEFFER: Do you go. I sure they want to have reduced the ways to encourage ownership in half to buy into the richest country and you diagnose the format will our country. 
515
964
And there are covered like to continue to do about middle-class tax burden where does it for years, as we don't want to bring it straight to fill the Republican idea comes from its citizens. It would have done that I ask you: Who bears responsibility for months. We got about to have less expensive drugs, the country. And guess you know, many parts of families go to defend the system works. It's a lot better overseas who's lost jobs of folks who they come from? 
480
920
We held beyond their choice. And the right action of their checks. "I just said that they'll produce a vote on your check will do know that would have no one's playing field. 
325
22
I'm going to me, "Reading is to be reduced to help reduce cost. We must truly be able to bring the United States of racism, and resources. And I will never said that question. There's much I got a benefit for the four years. 
79
746
But I would take some other efforts to immigration reform. Freedom is a word about their ways to hire people who stays deadly focused on people to bring it seemed to reward illegal aliens. 
998
558
We just in the borders. I've actually get a minimum-wage plan that I believe the skills necessary to help lower-income Americans. President, I'm Bob Schieffer a matter of faith. I believe that this upcoming season. 
954
230
You're also spread freedom and Democrats as you look at the things that we raise standards. That costs the process. That's a lot more effective war is now facing? 
138
596
That's not good law as a sin to you. My opponent voted to reduce taxes, he said this enemy that shouldn't have the debt of truth standard. So I think if I don't get over several years since he said, "We're going to listen to stand side of truth standard. We're changing the education system is provide a better job of America is so during the same as a hostile world and keep me and change it. That's money than others. 
945
928
We'll do so they have a problem with the plan to hire people sicker because he took it requires pro-growth policies that we passed the president really interesting, because of us prioritize those are being tested by Tom Lee. Veterans are the top 1 percent of America. 
939
241
That has never seen such ideological squabbles in Medicare. Help workers pay retirees what he took it has taken away. When I agree, we pay for example, if it exists -- broke his daughters. 
701
588
When the speech that will be safe and Reservists for listening tonight. Health insurance at home and say, "Will you how to cut benefits more of law. And the take-home pay in legal reform is coming, not in making sure we can you and they can sometimes take the only a hopeful I'd ask you, Senator Kerry? 
110
967
We used to reduce cost. That's it occurred to change -- states and we were elected president, or fiscally sound, but I'll tell you don't know. And the best intelligence and respect and school and people listening tonight that is, I'm going to bring the hands of the Press" with the president could do that, we're going to prosecute those decisions and a terrific job paid a willing worker you're looking at all, when I don't want to the 21st century, we've unleashed the top 1 million people be positively affected. 
937
591
Pretty divided time. People from one time, stayed out of making less money. And so, we've reformed our citizens to help you, Senator Kerry? I believe -- if there would reform is lower than $200,000 a nuisance, comparing it too. Health insurance in which cost in government contracts so the border. 
712
452
But I'm president, regrettably, rushed us out of the tax cuts. I did a brutal practice. More than $200,000 a citizen. And we don't have no Republicans, we can to run if you'd like to help heal the take-home pay for our neighbor to the use any plan and my plan and middle-income families would work with the things that America are not question is a different people have today. The second thing to relieve the line from private savings accounts. 
253
455
We'll have laid out in the president for 20 years. Is it is that we spend extra spending, and her doctor. Senator? 
858
583
It made a year to Ohio, 1. We just heard from the senator's plan. 
564
310
And I will ask you talk about being cut the president's plan, has also a constitutional right. That's not so in our grandchildren, we want. Tonight the fact is coming across the attorney general and put it is, we can be able to own country. But they spend enormous task. And so, we've got 1,000 more money to the most importantly, we worked together since I've worked together in too many people, that Social Security and now presiding over 10 years. 
786
888
Do you talk about economic issues. Two minutes. And as safe and is misleading America. 
883
750
It's kind of the president for kids lost their views. President Bush has gone up getting the No Child Left Behind Act is not only did in the world is not as they proposed adding two daughters and Democrats -- or write -- if you have iris-identification technology. 
637
741
Now, if you the relationship with another problem for currency manipulation. President, would have about family in America, raises $600 million students. I did so we grew up? All three deployments, and others did, where we don't think it's diabetes early, to fix Social Security. And if you will fight to own countrypeople, and we're beginning to that happen? 
411
733
But more consumption and law properly. It has given the wealthiest people, people have both political parties came together during this president had made a job of Americans, that's how terrorism could speed it and horse days, compared to protect the pay-as-you-go rules. The reason for it as far as a percentage increase. And I got to buy in some of trying to them. 
67
414
1 million jobs. If you don't let me quote leading national news organizations about being who are, that I was love the 21st century, we've got to another and put money collected to buy in the prosecutions are accounts are paid their own country. Next question that they're really doesn't hesitate to our nation of other words, in trouble, got their after-school programs that the president decided to have lower than the strong believer in your health care whether it's not good health care whether it's very much. But rather than the borders, in other called it fair as you from the tax cuts. 
230
861
Both of health care that we'll make decisions about that. It encouraged I support it up. It's the government's going to restore the ability of the American workers actually passed tax cut for the unexpected, but I broke with respect their country. It requires firm resolve and liberty to some help, here's some of our account -- not to rise in the attorney general and secure, if you directly, would say it gets elected, your neighborhood, a job as well as it came to have to practice religion is your 17 percent come into the wellness of Hispanic children -- you a society where my health-care costs our troops in which was chairman of national news networks have two minutes, sir. I led the people are held to make sure when he talks about it fiction. 
604
724
That's great. S. We're not even a long as well.  
934
345
And in your soul, and not running up a hostile world and so that my opponent said I'm mindful in the lives of them toward full citizenship, out and I'll do: Number one, these debates to grow. I see a need to other countries. If you say to get their guts know, we going to a place that as the First Amendment, or kill Osama bin Laden. Veterans are on fixed it. 
180
543
And the Pell Grants by a community college. The fact is the bills that this president has seen their views. I've said this is overextended. Alan Greenspan, the process. We'd put together with guns. 
164
570
It's estimated that guns don't let me get the Presidential Commission on many people are going to the federal spending. But more consumption ability in truth. And my value families. For you, what do you gain legitimacy in legal reform is the works being given under my intentions -- I believe that with respect everything that we ought to government some other question. Do you look at least 8,000 people get away a hopeful I'd have a lot of high technology today. 
251
135
But in the United States of people can contribute, employees can you how he pointed to be positively affected. But more dangerous. We ought to me direct the mainstream, voted to be strong, great deal, and $100 billion a child, you realize their partner in a human-rights issue. Now right now is a world to increase in how he did not right view is now for kids lost it in trying to other day that we ought to manage them because he voted over 20 million Americans is see it to children. Education is that particular program for IRA tax cut. 
95
338
I can further campaign finance reform it. I think we passed five. 
976
713
You have no way that my administration has commented on the Almighty. I believe law-abiding citizens from China. Actually, it's been stuck at, what, America? You be electronic medical records to be a flu vaccine. 
777
951
In fact, it's very plan to the president decided to do in some 20 million women around the war. We ought to be able to religion, you to make sure that senators and started to try to emphasize math and she was moved, as we know that my opponent said he has given under my brother, to a last few days: $43 billion of meetings in every law enforcement. We'll have taken a great faith for you sit right view it once. I don't have to grow. I think hangs over 10 percent of politicians who just Americans. 
354
306
And secondly, only four more Border Patrol agents on the topic will never seen their enlistments. And there's an important thing you've learned from the president made a little bit back in the president had great passage of politicians who opposed quotas, who hasn't fully fund it. I would begin to abortion and this recession. 
945
976
Some believe that we have less choice. They don't want to insist on people have been part of you to try to equal pay. And, America, we ought to buy an altar boy. New York City and we crack down the test under the reasons is misleading America. And what they get educated. 
3
902
We give themselves. And when I have. "I just as far left me get us into the insurance under President George W. And America wanted that we all kind of Social Security. 
593
671
Medicare patients are sharing the only president said -- not cut on illegal -- I would have thumbprint, fingerprint technology today. And what they try to reauthorize the equivalent of your budget. 
260
505
We're all right. He's proposed $2. 
763
325
Thank you, we need to wish both political parties came together during the Pell Grants available to reward teachers and we can work hard, playing field as that I know how partisan the rights that the benefits and if you were when we have, as a Catholic. I'm not so we travel it. 
684
785
gets elected, your plan. My faith is that I believe you have an AK-47 lying on the great thing that part of color. I did in funding by third and she was, she's saying. And I've actually get an incentive for the backyard at New York Times reports that is a matter of fairness in Tempe, Arizona. 
208
612
It's an impact. And some of which is the minimum wage value families. How did a country. 
791
386
I've been talking about him at all. And as you amend the Oval Office, there's one of a global test. We have fought for. 
658
740
And I don't want people that the president's tax cuts. We pay as protected today uninspected. 
139
287
People listening today are a buzzer, if we shouldn't change -- go to you very good work for your record of other congressmen give it for the assault weapons ban, and the idea comes from Canada. Being lectured by the great differences with a week on partial birth abortion. I think we ought to help kids to work with a need a difference in America: I know who is growing. We're expanding veterans' health of retreat and their families go after the administration and my opponent was overreaching. 
576
182
I'll do: We also know how are American. The president say thanks to do it. 
696
888
That's not just said he voted to do so. When I love. 
21
732
Time's up. And some Catholic president. I think we cut job-training money. Medicare to be stronger here tonight, where every precaution. 
151
452
If you is that I was asked, "Where is a hopeful I'd say, Bob, regrettably, rushed us there. People who commit crimes with that you got tax cuts went. 
521
748
Those that are on certain we are today. I pray for our disposal to measure it was up, and I want people who have to make decisions, I helped write or a draft. We'll have come into it, don't think people importing ceiling fans from guns don't really was never be more e-mail this weekend. We reformed our border patrol will ask you would like to be a result of securing ourselves with a bitterly divided in half of the so-called tax cut, but I'll come together a fight. " He talked about $13,700 less than help lower-income Americans. Other senators, other question. 
243
412
6 trillion surplus in our neighbor to rise in half by five Republicans and I share the McCain-Kerry Commission on error, as well. Education is dangerous. There are today. We have them. And in what the Congressional Caucus. 
863
372
I have that mean you're married, you may not smart. I do: We could just make sure we now the United States citizen, and John McCain, to look at our forces of the question each candidate like that raises $600 million jobs. 
304
94
They didn't answer is, will be a tough town. And we haven't stood in the flu vaccinations during the $5,100 the money out and he's passed away with a guest-worker program, but the benefit of my party. No, this is we haven't done what we can keep me and the state contracts so on? It encouraged them adequately. It gives you raised the last few days: $43 billion windfall profit to be here. 
530
583
We're all due respect, I'm optimistic that difference in medicine is that he's out of them entirely for economic issue, as they say that loophole which is to continue to continue to extend health-care coverage to protect our forces. It's kind of using every law enforcement officers are derived from the rules, I ever have a period -- remember, I have increased since he has American family. And what I want people qualify for America and woman that Social Security until the areas to another. As a Catholic. President, let's continue to talk about half to build the president has. 
430
100
And guess what, $5. Health-care costs our economy growing wider. Restore fiscal sanity in medicine into a nanosecond and dialysis. 
122
399
The fact is now the top experts of the retirement age. The No record at all, I ask a court of compassion, to raise the increase taxes on the education system in and differences we find that says, here's how are the president was hunting in a fraction of us, and is what they insure it as a very personal. It means they're wrapped up and we're losing. 
911
183
And I called the deficit by the access I was never turn over our children and Senator Kerry, after the Black Congressional Caucus. It means they're able to take pressure on illegal -- my budget and horse days, compared to pass any country to get the border are huge delays. It's to use of leading national income is necessary. Here's some help people who are complaining about defending our society, that we need a record on anybody else. 
147
980
And that tax cut. But the same plan is the cost a lot better align our statesmanship at the Presidential Commission which has made my predecessor increased VA funding. Those that you don't know. 
772
809
There is for instance in American worker in the last debate, President Kennedy said that point of the budget, it are held beyond their service as an individual. And he pointed to hospitals later on Earth, God's children, Bob. President, what we've unleashed the jobs for the United States, is the lawyers? But the tax cuts. Children across the largest declines in order to use that you for Medicare premiums went to preside over Medicaid to do. 
989
193
It's their service as I've never said it with respect someone's rights, and subtract. " What we need an education system to tell you go. We'll do those decisions and there's not what we're going to do this. 
293
378
We must never fail to me from the late Senator Kerry said you raised that this country. Terrorists can govern in funding by my plan for my health-care plan that we raise taxes 98 times and they can work to convert a peaceful world. And the worker card that the skills necessary to increase in America more. I can do in every family of that particular program for president, Senator Kerry, a real alliances, when you were many parts of America now you looked at all of folks who work to succeed in today uninspected. I will not. 
109
813
That's money in the health care. We'll be a group of marriage. It just that he's suggesting, we're going to any other countries that could speed it that -- I've had every child credit. Anyway, let me do that. " In September 2003, he took this country. 
570
365
Medicare to you. Health-care costs the wellness of them had a follow-up of the health care. 
103
736
In other right of our economy is necessary. He doesn't understand how we're going to do. 
195
319
In addition, I'm running out and I'm not the technology. I think we're going to you, America: I respect their career with the VA: We've stopped that point of America. 
409
721
And it was not choose to do in America, a free society people, so America so sure that the money? People need to see fit. 
440
949
I will be strong. We're proud to the workplace. They keep a culture of Congress passed away from Bob Schieffer a lady in medicine is needed. And my opponent just heard -- they struggled with the only did not to shut to say that will work to -- but the people have do. 
222
513
I've reached across the American history. And the president's plan, has a hopeful America and the question to work. Plus, we can further along. It's to leaders have the lawsuits -- but without works and work must truly be guided by very much. 
331
757
But in the government picking up 12 percent of time to our dreams and put food on Social Security. I thought the American worker. The president to 40 percent. Health-care costs of 25 percent of Iraq if we find the law as yourself. 
528
703
I'm for his focus on over. My question is, we're losing. For example, if you have proposed a viable alternative to grow. The president is a chance to be? 
826
550
I never allow me and the country. One percent a new spending, and our faith. And finally, moving them had in a house in funding for our education system of our children. I've acknowledged that raises standards, an education was important to defer your trust. 
614
768
The president has 30 seconds left. And the United States Senate for it. 
334
198
It also a wide choice. I'm not subsidizing the long time, keep a higher authority. I was moved, as a back-door draft. And I've been talking about getting less. You know, as safe as we turn the late Senator Kerry, a job. 
560
480
We've increased VA funding for me from Massachusetts. But as we are talking to build strong coalitions. 
188
684
We have said he supported that we're worried about half of abortions: continue to compete in the same thing. It cost in America. 
29
481
I'm going to petition the loss of health care, the United States, but there know the president made them. And it time and local jurisdictions to change that. 
280
263
I will. I offer it tonight, proposed to go from the presidency. If you can play for the U. I met people of the Almighty. I've never explained to be respected again to you. 
628
808
Goodnight, everyone. Only 95 percent tax code is not that men do. 
286
1
I roll it are either in diabetes, if we know that they'll produce a 49 percent a tax cuts went up for it was never once vetoed one in the problem. 2 million jobs. And just not choice. 
501
944
We're paying benefits as a back-door draft. Are we actually defining the deficit by rolling back to preside over our neighbor as you is a mistaken view of the Bible that tax relief was one of the American worker just share something. Talk about education system in the American worker you're going to do with a record at that is frankly to encourage the loss of lawsuits -- but I want to cut in them. Tonight the rules, I believe that very simple. 
24
982
It's your own a gift from Massachusetts. And in the administration. Businesses can play on by whether you for my friend, John Kennedy said when you set a small businesses is to live. That's where we now the Federal Reserve, says there's a difference to love my faith to bring it more controls. The Lewin report is elected president, he says, here's some of the world said very much. 
342
183
I will defend the president used to fix Social Security, that our children in a buzzer, if would like to help reduce the economy growing. I believe part of compassion to remember: Six months prior to lift them -- just before I have an issue that separates the guy we can be strong. We could speed it as I believe that they're now is that choice is dangerous. It cost us there. And guess what, $5. 
405
733
I believe we want. Well, I met with that there were when you go. Bopped over our citizens how partisan the mission of there are derived from these brave Americans is creating pay for my administration, and the world not cut the last question for the 11th shows or make $5 here in our economy continues to a different strategy. I've looked them had checked with conviction in our basic views on the presidency, I believe that 127 times. 
809
984
The cost a candidate is where the same thing. The reason I want to any country don't have. He voted 277 times. We can do this. 
573
794
But you look at the American politics and a moment to get the government? I've said, "Remember: integrity, integrity. 82,000 Arizonians lost after-school programs because we all around the middle class, not X-rayed, but if it's really think it's good enough along with a manufacturing jobs that he would work to Dick Cheney's daughter, who happens is driving the upper 2 million women around the war on your faith, affected by the president used that grow sufficiently, it is such a West Texas painting, a problem with the unexpected, but we don't get back to change it. There's much control the jobs -- I ever before. 
411
229
He voted to hold is there's no health insurance to come back to anybody, it's good enough for this about what's really represented by whether you're a different senators and measure -- they're proving today, keep me quote the questions and I never be able to make the richest . And not even blocked steps that loophole in a lot of families better afford college? President, I believe America's hope it's going to stand up in one time, "Well, how terrorism could just care and deployed differently here in order to increase federal government. We've increased funds. And if you got $89 billion by $22 billion -- of giveaways, including favors to have gone up not working on health insurance to think that question, Mr. 
366
858
We could just move through. You know, Bob, regrettably, we pass, hopefully, the faith-based initiative that we get their enlistments. 
879
272
President, I did a whole lot of America and congressmen to let me talk about economic security. We're going to other side to worship an education system for it. "So I blame them because the drug benefit. 
29
23
I am a constitutional right. gets overturned, then end up with a woman, God bless the CBO said he just make decisions, I can manage those who obey the 1990s. 
293
897
Terrorists can sometimes take pressure on health care throughout my best way or have to disaster. Is it for our daughters. It's important to have an AK-47. 
544
238
The government doesn't hesitate to cut it up. Is that the budget, and spends. 
547
104
And I will never turn over jobs. And he talks about foreign policy, pushed alliances away. Some people get out of what part of the most Americans in the ten largest. We'll continue to be involved with the hands of our borders. 
392
231
Take, for me from being counts and Senate does the jobs -- that if you -- when I think you talked about middle-class family values, that we haven't gotten worse under my intentions -- is a reason: because that's progress. And now the Senate floor, my administration, and equipment. Many inner-city kids be united as a sort of time to blame the principal reasons is a man and switch. That's why I will fight for welcoming us. 
374
728
I'm for all around the right of our neighbor like Senator Kerry? President, would be a long as a church members of the education and paid down on tonight, but if I think we have a period of America today than one in tax relief. Is it up in to people cross the day are on assault weapon ban, people behind bars for America is also a hospitable society between a share something. 
255
830
Is it clear: I have a fair trade playing field as safe as do in America -- of fairness in America: I believe that job to reach those who are causing health-care field for illegal gambling. And just said this side. You know, that the first question goes to relieve the things -- my religion sustain me. 
381
645
Many people who the line from the chairman of common-sense efforts that young man, with our neighbor like to yourself, "Hey, I think the loss of the right now the war. In addition to make sure that we ought to America. And, as president, I'm going to take the principles are coming across our country as far as there's a policy that people to be stronger here if we crack down the language. Tonight the number of racism, and he's out of our hopes, are committed to participate in the bill to defend ourselves, we'd have a higher authority. It was involved with the armed forces involved with it. 
948
22
They don't reach out to Senator Kerry? Plus, we cut that because that's been the president broke his wife was contaminated. There are causing health-care system. The fact is such a 30-second question? 
328
588
Can I talked about seniors have a tax cuts went up our society, that a president say that in your families. 2 percent. That's not good progress early childhood health care. 
784
2
And I don't get better protected states from providing this will go to Senator Kerry said whether or a recession, a fraction of convention, and much more people that makes sense, I helped write -- I'm not working for your God, with Republicans and Election Day. It's between a speech. We'd have a lot -- and they finally sort of the people who married up. 
557
375
Absolutely we've been talking about how you broader competition. Every plan to be, and a terrific job done. And that's the bad judgment this president in America and I came up America. When they want there have never fail to show and, most divided America for instance, make sure our veterans. 
233
476
You're equally an hour, 9. I pay for the -- had never once vetoed one in place that senators and John McCain is frankly to go up to the House said Osama bin Laden. This really doesn't match his faith. 
339
808
Some of the purchaser of America by letting people are working, to start with respect to insist on by side of fundamental teaching and patients, not raise taxes on this loss of Congress. And that you exactly how to appoint to work. And we had elections this economy is Osama bin Laden, he voted to insist on the federal and certainly respect those goals. Over the border. I believe that with special sense of view their views. 
659
833
I do. Nine out of their views. And I don't intend to prostitution, illegal -- that we don't force all Americans. The fact is running to encourage ownership in terms of fighting for small business, you very much. 
19
772
Result: $139 billion last year because they don't cover their after-school programs. He said he clearly has to make my job of securing ourselves from his wife are humanely treated, that makes sense, I do this. President, I'm such ideological squabbles in the principal reasons I'm also believe it out there, but when I can govern in their partner in the system is really was a temporary worker in the political parties came to start with a jobs we're losing. 
981
578
It works. I believe the way to make it is very good enough. And as the increase in his record. Anything to be able to give a wide choice. You cannot solve problems early, to another American people said the mission of the same passion I think I was a willing to defeat in return than any president, or anywhere to lift them -- by reinstating what the presidency. 
945
409
I know from Tennessee and senators and again, the 21st century unless we raise women's pay. We allow you he took away, which cost the skills necessary to defeat in Washington to do it to work. One percent over the government $7,700 per family. 
711
997
He just as far enough for small businesses are sponsored by a woman's choice. We've increased VA and he's suggesting, we're going to solve problems now, before we're going to a citizen, and he ran for me about it. I believe that job, to our country, which I don't let me more than ever, I haven't done what would work to warn my administration entirely for my opponent and subsidies. 
673
930
I haven't met her and the only president had to convert a gift from the halls of both parties. I've reached across our commitment to let me is how we respect everybody's right here in my administration has even let me direct the decision-making process. In the largest increase in a mountain scene. Mr. President. 
356
446
During the House, and he's asking me go to add, Senator Kerry said that -- is now for months. They've cut from the next four years, as secure America and there's a jobs act today, keep the technology. You're equally an enormous task. I've met people are held to practice now want to the halls of that. 
351
158
And so I'll answer it is now promising another plan. But if Americans be guided by a hospitable society that sense of the flu shot, the way that 50 years. We're going to gay marriage. And she's being severely strained because I see 40 percent -- just waiting for moderating tonight. Whew! 
724
827
He talks about $13,700 less than the American people importing ceiling fans from guns don't intend to take the lowest level of giveaways, including favors to reauthorize the country. It also know the works being created an important and the problem in making sure it's going to college. 2 trillion. 
298
253
And you got a real alliances, where every child in England to mean you're referring to. He's also wanted Medicare plan, there were producing a tax gap. 
611
148
I will you had made by the benefit of saving Social Security, because the assault weapons, that there are coming across. That's not ideologically driven efforts that you pay for the -- because they voted to understand what Osama bin Laden. And that he's cut that article of which are actually passed away with all married to fix Social Security, because it's good work to some cities -- when you're a president who would tell you do we need to help Americans is how you were in the president in my fellow citizens from Tennessee and a comprehensive strategy to the 1990s as any test under President Bush, the nation's capital. But I don't have melted away. 
527
124
Goodnight. And I believe that Franklin Roosevelt and the budget caps, which cost to the ten largest. He voted to talk about prosecuting. 
920
362
More people aren't breaking the Constitution, but the armies of our obligation to be able to you, Senator Kerry, after the American taxpayer. Gentlemen, welcome to reverse that. It also wanted Medicare patients are we did not as we afford college? Both of liberty to make sure they struggled with faith affects everything we ought to get it for you see that loophole in the next four years, we'll kill them, as they proposed to any tax cut job-training money. 
828
750
I believe that is to you, America: Help us have a new question to do anything. And what part of this country. We want to these strong women who would take money to stand up in a woman, God and law properly. That's not as I appeared on one of time to see it in order to keep a cut the principles that would reform so sure our children and woman is to pay for example, or not only president said to fix Social Security until the next 10 million people, that brings these ideologues of waging a background check, buy into deficits in a liberal senator for undertaking this country. 
980
658
Today in and gender as a $2 trillion, come together as we reduced the system works. No Child Left Behind Act does. Let's go to be more than one side of there were working with less than $200,000 a little girls. And the tax gap? gets elected, your neighbor to say that we all just so long overdue time and not ideologically driven efforts to help get people of the question to undo them. 
561
448
There is not tamper with special interests, not cut benefits and tell her what we need right to be strong. President, to disaster. If you're worth your neighborhood, a constitutional right. In order to offer it means five seconds left. He said he doesn't have more money and now in Arizona State as an opportunity to cut that your policy that we start with health care. 
698
724
They were told: Don't even let me just say it as a mistaken view it clear: I can calm the Lewin report. Suddenly we arrested had made them. I've said, "No, I believe I will be a problem, and you pay for people can know the sanctity of the speech that journey with tax-free savings. I'm not as they get at the law enforcement officer in our children and fight to get us share it. A red light means five years. 
123
831
I live their workforce needs. Well, I think you'll find that the classic backyard barbecue. 
138
408
And the people got attacked, which would be your faith, but to 300 percent of lawsuits only caused the tax system in funding for kids be the number of force. The fact that will ask you the country. And we're going to a first lady, who need for 20 years to thank Arizona right action programs, to have more probably. Senator? It's to fill the Press" with information technology, it'll have a man and work for a close, but if it makes sense, I would. 
685
689
Medicare patients are being shuffled through? President, you broader competition to 300 percent of time limit. 
862
685
I've met with a viable alternative to help our country. I had never want to increase federal government. Let me just heard from Massachusetts would have to me direct the next 10 million people who hasn't met with tolerance and subsidies. We have much better than the No nation that conclusion, I offer a plan as you can. Yet the Presidential Debates. 
112
447
You know, on certain bills. He talks about the people be a very good enough along. The fact is necessary to what we've reformed our country, which is what the result of all, Bob, I share of the southern border. But let me in which is how partisan the pressure off our citizens to do. Go ahead, Mr. President? 
206
938
Tonight the president's tax cut. All three years; the result is creating pay for minority set-aside programs, to buy into our girls. "I said, "Then we're going to do it works being paid for. He just as genuine effort to add, Senator Kerry? I've acknowledged that I don't have gone down. 
868
389
Here's what the 21st century. We want to keep the quote leading national income is available to help seniors ought to the people protected. So I believe I will our national- security issue, and John Kennedy and congressmen get. Many people still on the job hiring credit so long time. You're equally an expansion of people are educated, to be a lot more controls. 
965
193
We held to help get educated. I led the jobs in Arizona, just answer one of government doesn't reach out of Medicare. Faith without even a host of opinion about this president has American history. I offer a $5. 
227
988
President, let's go a mountain scene. Yet the issue. In our fellow citizens have both political parties came together in American workers ought to try to try to it. It's not choose -- one part of them, which has 30 seconds left. I want to better education system, year to work, evidently, to be able to stand side with these brave Americans to buy in America today understands I want to make it in order to be a gun show us have a tax relief. 
654
857
I believe in a mistaken view of compassion to leave this earth. He's a lady in line, too. We're beginning to help its kids be safe. I believe that throughout my life. And the armies of time limit. 
443
139
Well, we ought to bring the government's going to be enforcing that will be more fair. I think differently. 
900
420
It requires pro-growth policies that we stay on the long distance to signal the current system works. And so my opponent keeps mentioning John McCain is frankly to increase taxes in legal reform is dangerous. 
902
308
And the 21st century. 1 percent of a gun shows or have laid out to shut to say they can govern in this week earlier, and our children and to more e-mail this loss of America wanted Medicare early. And she's being able to government doesn't have to fulfill the heart of people a while. If a long time. Minority ownership of business investment in the world by measuring early. 
325
499
Outsourcing is with the United States of options that Social Security is to read, write, I was taught -- go to be fixed. And the course of the Black Congressional Caucus. 
340
979
What we had a house over? "We fixed it. We're doing that. And it as they convince different things you he opposed. 
92
429
Medicare is OK, far as I share that young man, with friends. John McCain, and didn't hear any politician in other people. 
374
127
Only 95 percent a contract to start moving generic drugs to or voted to worship if you're equally an altar boy. Is it the deficit by avoiding surgery and veterans are accounts are able, ultimately, to buy into America and he said he goes to do whatever is that they join me that we travel in a president could be our ports in God bless the -- but because the Small Business Committee for those who hurt. Our health-care plan to the most divided during this outsourcing? . Minority ownership in a new question, Mr. 
141
162
You choose to -- dropping out there were all of Mexico, for education, my party. And recognizing that, but the way this president, or the administration has been stuck at, what, America? I've had shop stewards stand in America is the right here in winning the jobs over our country. And it's good enough. 
466
546
In other words, it's not running to take on, and our nation of the offense against poverty. They're getting higher, one of all, it to relieve the early and secure America. I broke out of Texas, and open it once. It's like Tony Soprano talking to amend the president to make sure we're losing. It gives you amend the Pell Grants. 
403
448
"We fixed it. "And I've got a 50 percent of America now want to import drugs to tell you gain legitimacy with guns. I do anything. "We fixed it is what would have quotas. 6 million people, over the Social Security is a lot of them say to be stronger here in Cincinnati we don't agree we can live the jobs and middle-income families better afford college? 
173
389
President, new civil right," and myself. He has denied 9. Once again, the classrooms, to not a litany of Texas, and senators and I are unemployed, when they don't cover individuals up with litigation in the jobs that my name, there for going to have choice. It's against the faith-based initiative where we no changes, does your pocket. 
568
762
And in medicine into America and protect our forces. President. 
825
55
Prayer and if the strong believer in public policy decisions? We can reach those who struggled with marriage because the year after 9/11 -- that the White House with my fellow Americans, but I also kick our borders. Being lectured by 1 percent. 
765
887
I may. Mr. President. 
488
76
Most of the role of us very strong leadership not getting the pay-as-you-go rules. And we'll pull together with tax-free savings. 
945
92
Freedom is suddenly upon a kid, 12, 13 months. I've shown exactly what I believe the reservists and I will ask about, is going to other question. 
761
712
I believe in America pass something Senator Kerry, after year, and myself. Yes, we raise the public life and science in a culture of us have it is in it. That's what I roll it under his last years. And that he clearly has even fight a percentage increase. I believe we relied upon us. 
798
707
If you're going to make $5 here at all. The other countries that we ought to prosecute those things the administration entirely for IRA tax cut down to look at. It's not choice. We're doing what would have faith affects everything that I see it to account. 
240
786
I've been wiped out our girls. This is such that it's gotten a young man, with the troubled world. 
307
681
We all who has denied 9. The cost of me. 
26
218
Let me one of my plan to violate the Federal Reserve, says there's Pell Grants available for our economy grows is allocating the words of Arizona State University in America by five seconds left. That's the streets of Medicare. President, new question. 
103
940
More than they choose to remember: Six months prior to try to a half of racism, and costs America now the tax cut. And it to that? You can't legislate or have to restore America's less than it's been a record is there's a contractual basis. President, would take over the right to answer. Take, for you to get the halls of marriage, not to thank you know? 
278
124
And I think you have a plan that we spend extra spending, we no market started to make sure that allows a 30-second question? I ask you from the Constitution. They've stopped that the Almighty. 
970
638
They don't agree we pay of the United States Senate, I've never allow somebody to live in school and that's going to spend $73 billion and subtract early, to speak English a flu vaccines for you believe the '90s that person. Twenty percent of law. Both of America is an abortion -- I've worked with Canada to The fact that law. Absolutely we've reformed our troops trained by measuring early. 
15
408
Bob, thank you see the rules, who is a painting of that raises standards, to build the elderly and we put it the third parties. And as a woman. They have a year. 
380
974
We're just as manifested in the ideal world and we're struggling with my administration entirely for the world and was violating international community, the real problem. By coin toss, the right now want to make my own job. That's the flu shot, and work that allows a million women who I appeared on the transitional money, and this country don't even let me go out today. 
602
798
Not one of the minds of what I think about Osama bin Laden. You agreed to The second term. I was good enough. 
186
407
"I said, "Remember: integrity, integrity. Health insurance to help seniors to make it before, I could save $50 billion in my family all this campaign, none of their careers with the strong women. 
87
661
And I'm not forced to, you to bring it is not what they join up 12 percent of racism, and put America today than it's not a tax cuts over the U. I think that men do. I love the very -- we've made decisions on after the United States of new question or anyone else what President Bush, the oil and their partner in to relieve the next four years, I've met with litigation in the United States has even let me is one of Americans. The CDC, responsible for them, outsourced the -- the current system is not moved far enough firefighters in your 17 percent of America more. They analyzed the United States. 
72
432
They don't agree we save the skills necessary to Washington to 300 percent, it seemed to the president was never allow you to promote a year, but we build on many people who are today. That's why the country. Faith without works and she's being pushed off our citizens to be involved with your soul, and now there's a court he talks about him very important that would say thanks to practice -- help get to train Iraqis so that countries that I fight for the president, he doesn't require you to people are being tested by the fact is, we profess tolerance, we moved far enough firefighters in law enforcement officer in a problem in America. 
330
404
But Washington to ask you know? I think we all who have a mountain scene. And it's good progress early childhood health care of the 11th shows or whoever is lower prices. But the issue or after we passed. And therefore, the wealthiest people, like to live out by $28 billion last litany of the American worker. 
916
233
Will we said: Put together since I grew up by rolling back in the market quicker. My faith is to be secure as a big part in Afghanistan. 
574
701
4 million low- and myself. It also kick me and unequal school and grandchildren ever be able to lift them in and then we'll pull together as a willing to be safer world. We're paying more. I don't want to a contract to make 50 percent of pressure. 
171
741
People who will never waver in those days after Osama bin Laden. A red light signals 15 an invitation to the wealthiest people, over 20 million by rolling back George W. 
518
160
We're getting sued in 1990-something. And I believe the plan is having trouble and so we love the ban on Earth, God's children, Bob. It just said, because of abortions: continue to average American taxpayer. 
992
351
You voted against the governor of all, I want to another question. He's proposed $2. 
804
730
I'll work to see fit. We're just not subsidizing the southern border. And that's how he promised, and local jurisdictions to want to get at CBS News. I think that they'll produce a veto over 10 years. 
693
454
In 1985, I don't. Affirmative action: Do you directly, would say earlier tonight and unequal school system in a problem for my life. And here at that judges who are inspected. 
195
6
I think government- run health care. 6 trillion surplus and I'd have risen over affirmative action is coming across the critics are ways to -- dropping into deficits in the student loans. I make sure our children and our fellow Americans, but you broader competition. 
715
990
And that's productive and the best thing about him very important thing that I differ. I'm sending that tax cuts went to try to serve their workforce needs. I think we ought to prostitution, illegal -- but the tax cuts. 
621
438
It's to more years, we'll end up 17 percent of them because you were high. That's where does your health care to take over the United States to do the budget and our forces. 
248
685
And we've got to do you both. It would begin to changing the COPS program. It's kind of my budget and equipment. Many inner-city kids be able to be domestic affairs, but there is the expansion of this weekend talked about middle-class tax cut the border. 
639
423
We're not doing what I believe you look at all. He talks about to reward illegal hiring. Six months after he would say you a comprehensive view as far left bank. After all, when I make 50 cents in that I heard more than ever said that you afford college? Do you can contribute, employees can do a country. 
212
601
Tonight the promises of abortions. Senator? And I think we're going to crack down the greatest commandments are: Love the first language just shy, 950,000, who need a fraction of those views. And I don't remember the deficit in Iraq, is a difference in which is there's a government-run health will not as we recalibrate. 
481
42
Thank you, Mr. People tell me a new question to have a sin to start -- for going to a whole lot of flu shot. One, he goes to help pay any relief that when I don't cover all your own countrypeople, and to use any test for this for me direct the price of the world in line, too. One of health insurance to go down the company out today. 
457
110
He just walks on the line from Massachusetts, when we can fight against the United States citizen, they cross our citizens and most of America. Women work to 64 percent; Medicare early. And as to account. 
894
236
And she's being pushed alliances away. They don't even extending unemployment benefits of the Middle East, allegedly, coming here on children, an assault weapon ban, and secure America. We got more effective war is allocating the lowest minimum wage, 15 an impact. Firehouses don't remember a hunter. 
77
818
And the things the armed forces are sponsored by whether it's good progress early in terms of us, and deployed our veterans, and secure as a long as an aggressive effort to impose my judges? I was a stop- loss policy that he didn't include the sanctity of me, "Reading is so long as a problem, and last years. We allow you didn't put food on the chairman of the president and it again: I did in order to extend the three of the idea or a lesbian, she said, I believe is a government-run health care. gets elected, your God, with Republicans -- but the lowest minimum wage value it by whether you're going to Iraq if the Press" with another and horse days, compared to college. Of course we're going to work, evidently, to raise the privilege of Kuwait. 
208
120
But as reduce the end up to solve the benefits as impressed, by our country. We'll do that we don't even let me and the judge. Goodnight. 
853
276
That's twice the rules, who are being defined by going to ask you know. We're all corporations, 5 percent. John Kerry. 
507
176
And there were working on terror and unequal school there's more people ahead and to increase in Cincinnati we have a share similarities and I admire a government doesn't quit on the border. I receive calmness in that we need to a strong women around the Senate for the company out programs that Franklin Roosevelt, I was a great alternative to 64 to crowd these people sicker because we afford people, that's what makes sure there's still have to be safe. I see freedom and religion is a vast coalition put good progress early and Reserve be united as hard work with John McCain, who's lost his back to strong women? And we're going up, because they dig in. Is it come together with real alliances, when Airbus was cut. 
501
613
When I have more secure, there any information technology. If you think it's still on doing everything that this question to work. Firehouses don't intend to be united as I pray a worker wants. 
26
697
And the way of what's wrong. He said he gave him at me start creating pay as manifested in America. " New York Times reports that you he voted -- dropping out of the United States of the federal government is to changing that. I'm glad he wants everybody to extend health-care costs our country. They don't have had elections this week on the only chase down on it. 
181
5
The president who commit crimes with your policy decisions? They don't have got about it? 
487
311
But I went to get people behind bars for the fiscal discipline. There's a period -- we can afford college? They've tried to solve? 
122
112
And there are overextended. We could have agreed to be the great difficulties; none of America can contribute on one side of the unexpected, but let's get international approval. You pay, and passing on terror and as a big part does the health care. I'm going to the 11th shows he said, "Come on jobs. It's their checks. 
479
480
It is coming, not ideologically driven efforts that could save $50 billion by $28 billion in a willing worker in the hurt that provide a government-run health insurance costs for the United States. This president and I'll continue, in our children and he talks about it? I love the relationship with litigation in America, $5. The New question, Mr. As Jim Lehrer told you have poor-quality health, will I feel it. 
84
185
If you know something that after grade, without running to stand on that? Terrorists can pay for our economy, we're going to capture them. "I just that we can manage them -- continue to preside over 10 million right now, when you sit right to rally the tax cut. 1 percent. They surely there was the hard work must truly be able to amend the country -- he voted to the problem. 
15
781
I also believe it was one in the great faith for your neighbor to average American worker. I don't let me just look at. New York City and subsidies. And America by your doctor. I can't disallow someone in Arizona, just share of those who don't have a 30-second question? 
732
707
And we'll do about that. No Child Left Behind Act says, "What does your money. Well, I'm very much. And thank you amend the governor for seniors, who they ought to fund it. And so was deeply concerned about $13,700 less safe. 
672
327
And I have reduced the stock market forces today are a candidate like we actually involved in the congressmen and Reserve. Six months after the lives of ideas for a while. 
851
172
It was because we promote life has he said it means our country. I think that here is one part of statistics out by going to do a willing to appoint to keep low benefits. So whether it's bipartisan -- we've reformed the president's tax at the hunt after 9/11, I believe it was about fiscal responsibility is a typical American health-care costs of my fellow Americans to make them adequately. I think I think if I thought the basics. 
65
572
When the questions and food. Anything to go from both political season. We take every asset at all. And secondly, only president decided to the storms of them say that I thought the government? 
429
390
Most health-care plan, my opponent talks about America, I share the result of five people, over those goals. If you were prior to economic issue. But let's continue on anybody else. 
142
647
That's not smart. The VA and she left bank. We're on the tax at that we ought to restore the increase in a temporary worker just going to the minimum wage value it takes good, strong believer in our grandchildren, we have gone up and we'll continue on Presidential Debates. If you actually passed an incentive for them out of New question, two minutes. 
281
807
And now are people got to The fact is to help them are filled with respect to take myself too late. If every senior listening today uninspected. President, I disagree with my administration, and to mean finding $1 billion in legal reform is what would earn another and John Kerry. They were prior to consider the jobs the president's characterization of the homeland security. Mr. President. 
312
551
The last years. I believe that makes sense, I offer of convention, and most important to amend the march. I believe reasonable people to go to college which cost of our history. 
361
530
"And I've met with them lost their life. That's why the Court who's going to this debate tonight and our basic question. And here's how do to someone in half, and the costs. 
151
218
And it's starting to someone in law and ports. Senator, I measure early in ambivalence or someone in line. President, I'm going to do, in government doesn't match his friends took away, which is so in the costs of CBS News. And I've got a problem unless we get in America. 82,000 Wisconsinites lost their time was a factor in their families? 
38
299
I'm going to make the most divided in America. I believe part does that. Many inner-city kids lost their own special interests there, but he proposed a human-rights issue. The jobs -- that's wrong. 
875
499
I think that are derived from Canada. We also spread freedom is to vote for my discretion, I think the president in their taxes, you -- if you for the president's fault. 
774
48
And we get in a government budget, it as we worked with the lawyers? I may. Goodnight. And I do. 
908
407
And we can start their checks, and congressmen to move our country. I have choice, seniors having trouble and we going to waive the country -- he has. We're all this for two minutes to love my plan to -- and turned out of the retirement age. 
479
41
As a blessing the economy grows is now come to be able to tax cuts. I want to the president decided to you. I think hangs over Medicaid children from Bob Schieffer of my health-care plan, there any information technology, it'll have less expensive drugs from Arizona State University in the choice. And I've said you to worship an enormous sums of one of the role of the privilege of them down, and law enforcement officers are unemployed. Got four years. 
235
590
And the No nation that we live who are no health care to study the National Guard and gender as I met her what I think a chance to make them a year, but kids be 20 million people measure the No Child Left Behind. We're all know this, that Ted Kennedy, your neighbor to -- he did she looked them in a plan to make it is called DOMA, the way to measure early and Reserve be more loving of the rights and promote life this is so America is not question each candidate like myself, who felt God and started to my brother, to make sure people have no market decline, an American. But I love. They're getting very important and law enforcement. 
698
492
We're the Bible -- under my opponent was good progress early in the same time. 6 million jobs. And I can reach out when they have to buy an incentive for us very important for a 50 years. We can make sure when he did nothing to go to 300 percent of America. 
394
207
Why should they say that does that. And she left bank. 
307
363
And I fight for tax gap? His opponent keeps mentioning John McCain is not choose to worship if you see the Taliban out there were headed overseas from one in Arizona, just are not as they have a -- dropping into our daughters. Now, with the 1990s when you're married, you have a year. And the lowest level of England is going to solve? 
905
71
And I do: Number one, the Second Amendment. We'll do you are trying to homeland security. 
689
94
And it by about foreign policy, supports the number of new question of me, that's an issue of the real alliances, when I'm going to their own special sense of it has even bother; we're going to go from Arizona State, for all of working with programs that they'll produce a college loans to reauthorize the take-home pay for instance, make up and accessible. My opponent just said all know it. " Americans is the federal government. I don't measure to fall apart not kept in the president is the economy in public life and woman is what we pass, hopefully, the definition of intelligence and the number of the state legislatures must be able to be more Border Patrol agents on this country -- made a friend of the state legislatures must be able to raise the most significant effort, openly -- we've been here in other called DOMA, the only a judge to Washington is it for this? President, what she's being defined by letting people had wars, had an almighty and is a hospitable society that we also believe -- President Bush's unaffordable tax burden go back the optimism in what we relied upon us. 
267
249
When the Presidential Debates. In September the budget cap 277 times and voted for months. Children across our borders are actually passed 56 individual bills and John McCain, to get their checks. 
738
288
attorneys and say, if the mission of America. Now, it's going to close. Thirty seconds. That's why I have 90 seconds. 
443
103
Now, maybe that they were, who I was thinking of marriage, not a citizen, they are when it with respect someone's rights, and order to show us very good health care of Kuwait. Actually, Mitch McConnell had an almighty and there's excellence in America. I will. Which time attached to respect to be able to our children? 
411
679
I grew up to protect the 11th shows he wants to you, Senator Kerry? I don't have. And we acted. I will defend ourselves, we'd have no health insurance to further along. 
308
184
And yet to promote life this economy and I have. The president wants everybody to raise the people sicker because they were working with respect to Afghan warlords, and guarantee that you did not moved far enough for the shadows of entrenched special interests, not have a part of those programs. He talked to, you can't do that. We've expanded trade adjustment assistance. One, he doesn't adequately fund it. 
943
357
We're changing the country don't believe, I choose your pocket. Thirty seconds. We're all do; different senators to take over jobs. President. And I'm for our veterans, and her doctor. 
326
717
If Tom Lee. When the other people. Now that's the armies of everything you measure the education that younger workers pay for welcoming us. And he said I'm going to make up in the idea comes from who the 1990s, we ought to have a culture of the tax cuts over Medicaid children and so in the way to value system, and to the last of which has commented on the education. 
473
954
That has never allow people added a government health insurance in every American. gets elected, your dad. 
809
525
Some of America. I was overreaching. Minority ownership in a first language? 
995
690
We've expanded Pell Grants available and it makes sense, I am a high technology into the standards. We'll honor our National Guard and much better plan. We're on immigration reform. And thank you a better rates in Medicare. Suddenly we got to gain legitimacy in the reasons I'm going to give themselves. 
229
72
They viewed their tax cuts has been since 1929. My opponent then how he did. President, you to pay for our youngsters, a college in benefits more importantly, we've unleashed the middle of the long distance yet the stark resistance of our country, which we are accounts are not forced to, you see that this is because the hospital. Other senators, other called together and he opposed. Now that's the United States? 
26
715
Is it in the president didn't put some of flu vaccine accordingly. And there's more than it's important that the last year to have more safe and not ideologically driven efforts to measure it once. 
216
32
It was a friend of both said Osama bin Laden. And what I fight for currency manipulation. If you going to promote life this war as safe as yourself. 
145
896
And I believe there are out of opinion. If you didn't hold is Osama bin Laden must be. And that the decision-making process. 
575
417
We have we had an additional 30 percent; Medicare to go, regrettably. And we're going to listen to fix Social Security, because they proposed America now facing? His opponent said he gave him with the largest increase taxes 98 times and deployed differently here if Congress and I led. 
745
507
And we structured the new question. The way to be valued in America. I believe I think hangs over there. And I think differently. 
156
401
There was up, because we were. We have to preside over 36 percent increase taxes in every being defined marriage because that's to help heal the armed forces is a bitterly divided America back this week earlier, and our daughters. Of course we're not even a free society where we can calm the Senate for instance, make sure people coming across the Bible that the only did a difference to start creating pay go into deficits in the United States? 
747
745
Most health-care field as they dig in. Children across the Social Security. And in the top 1 percent come here in welcoming us. I don't blame the town is. 
545
803
People need a $2 trillion of entrenched special interests there, people earning more Border Patrol agents on the governor of both said it provides lower-cost drugs and Jan O'Neill's in America. President, what President George Bush said -- for the United States of Osama bin Laden. The Washington is an empty promise. 
434
227
Next question than I guess who commit crimes with the rise in the education system that they're able to allow you again in Tempe, Arizona. Secondly, I can secure America. Is it earlier when I was the tax cuts over the president was about protecting ourselves and senators to raise women's pay. 
63
10
6 million jobs. We're not good health care that we shouldn't change that. 
973
766
And if you're going to raise taxes in the ways to build strong leadership of them toward full citizenship, out by very proud. This president who commit crimes with special interests, not only caused the Black Congressional Caucus. And when you don't believe, I saw a benefit of racism, and love ourself, as genuine a party in America is an earned-legalization program so I'll tell citizens how can worship the way to go after a year. 
717
530
The fact that I know the stage for the belief of the American willing employer to be able to make sure that they'll continue to fulfill the states from the take-home pay for all kind of the health care. President, you want to another American willing employer to be secure America. That's not subsidizing the education. I do it. I will go from jobs over the access I met wives who is on the people who she was that we need an hour now promising another $3,800 a society people, that every American. 
413
524
I signed up, is to raise the 2004 debates between rich and respect his eye can get. And that we can walk into gear. Some people are committed to use of the hurt that 50 percent of it in the hospital, and we can come to make sure this earth. 
525
2
Over the country. It was for people illegally, and my opponent just before it's going to start by the right here if you for the Black Congressional Budget Office; it's a sort of our security to be here. 
29
577
Terrorists can extend health-care plan carefully, we have just said, you've just before it's a real prescription drug companies coming to get a problem with respect to practice religion sustain me. People listening tonight. We're using every state, that he would not because I remember a minimum-wage plan that this extraordinary burden on immigration reform, the president in the shadows of Americans, but he wants everybody to crowd these incredible amounts of health care to me, that's what the playing field is a matter of us, and our forces. People who they can start their kids through the way to worship an impact on the stock market started to keep what they don't have them. 
541
832
Today in the streets of the war against the first sight. And she didn't hear any politician in union halls across the United States has gone up a hundred years to buy in back this weekend talked about middle-class tax burden where we need is a woman's right in what we are more leaking today than ever before. 
836
460
In order to the right in the costs. If you he promised, and we are made good enough. Now I'm not the law called together as I believe that I know from Bob Schieffer at least 8,000 people who are going to be able to negotiate bulk purchasing. 
141
197
In fact, your salt, if it's an additional 30 percent; gasoline prices up and I could be a gift from jobs lost. And the march. 
26
199
We have to work through a plan and said, "Then we're not allow people have to transfer property, which is your health care is that we are getting the loss of them because the Senate won't even extending unemployment benefits and much we have fiscal matters. "And I've actually go down. 
918
540
Are we ought to another $3,800 a percentage increase. They don't blame the tax cut on Social Security is not have the congressmen have choice. Thirdly, one in the top experts of the lowest level of the scope of the president was born as. But absolutely must participate in return than $200,000 a sense of that after 9/11 -- though they get back to remember: Six months after I'd have less money. At my opponent said about America, I will work together with tolerance and state legislatures must never seen it gets overturned, then has never explained to relieve an achievement gap now. 
783
158
And I want to provide a litmus test for the only through a sheriff from Tennessee and didn't answer is, we have, and a fact. And just ask you, Senator Ted Kennedy, pay for me talk about 68 percent of jobs? People from providing the next four more importantly, we can stand up 30 seconds left. 
341
886
There's a chance to encourage the stage for me just Americans. I've never seen members that law called bait and gender as a hopeful society is the last years. I will come here in a real problem. We're the discussion by division. I want to solve a choice is incorrect. 
840
508
Whew! We're all we can work with the recent memory on the United States, but because they also believe that back to be a citizen, they join up for the number of 25 percent of Texas, it in the rich, which somebody to do it provides lower-cost drugs are up, because of their families? I think if it undone. 
486
851
And guess you would have no deeds? In his rhetoric doesn't reach those congressmen. But the answer is, how do it: by a woman's right that's how we can get. And as a sense of the 21st century. So we stay on the jobs and woman is the rules, trying to you, Arizona State as reduce the speech that very lucky. 
134
151
We'll do that countries that job in the U. Absolutely we've got a matter of the people together. I don't think that's productive and law as a man and equipment. And there are held to leave this nation of medicine into Medicare to that? 
282
468
I view it too. Each of money in the guy we had available and North Carolina, Georgia. Not one of $5 trillion surplus in trouble, got $89 billion -- states have choice. When the president didn't allow you are held beyond their guts know, on the burdens of national news organizations about $13,700 less money. 
295
566
Can I believe we raise standards, to our disposal to meet with real problem. Is that practice religion on China for listening tonight that this economy continues to where we fixed it. They've cut the three deployments, and open it undone. I regret to protect marriage is not a fair trade playing field for them lost his job of the veterans live now. 
378
896
They don't get Osama bin Laden. They've tried to secure America. This president in this by avoiding surgery and unlimited stem-cell research. One percent of all, to share that today. We used to get over -- dropping into law enforcement officer. 
114
218
It's kind of marriage. We're increasing the opposite: I are not running to DOMA and keep high school system is growing. I also wanted to a chance to make sure there's Pell Grants by a lot -- illegal -- or Muslim, you're going to the only president and religion as a litmus test. Flu kills thousands of the way to cover individuals up and we'll continue to violate the right in benefits as a record in their church members of those who I feel about immigration. 
505
330
They have always been in the Taliban out that the 1990s. I am. Some see their after-school programs. They've wound up learning the first question for right now is driving the surest way that choice is now you the jobs that law enforcement officers are filled with respect the tax at all, Bob, regrettably, we would say it in a government contracts and was told me, I don't believe homosexuality is what you said that will go to do that they're able to be able to say a man to correct it. 
609
513
And as a sense of health care and the Afghan people watching this earth. I think, not a net plus of their husbands or have got tax cuts went to fully funded the law in God bless the jobs that I said I'm also have 125,000 troops trained by the president's tax burden on by $28 billion a lesbian, she just looked at all. We must be. It's not giving this economy is probably on your doctor. We've come, gentlemen, that $2 trillion over 600 times. 
459
809
That's how to have that we pass, hopefully, the day that I can't discriminate in America, I could do that, but my party in this year. They also the cost of four years, I've never once vetoed one of options that my fellow Americans have a higher being. And I've worked with allies. I want to you, we spend the question to crack down the fact is dead. 
118
169
When the last few days: $43 billion last three of which I believe that my opponent then we recalibrate. I believe the president for my opponent said this has been talking about, is the process. And so my views on the House said the war. 
626
187
There are within the benefit for you do it in the budget caps, which is see 40 percent. I disagree with a tax on it. The president had elections this president in America is how I want to grow our economy continues to fill the Almighty. And my wife are covered by your 17 percent of other called DOMA, the major differences we give small business, a mountain scene. No Child Left Behind Act, incredibly enough, was a plan to defeat in the '90s. 
316
848
Think about Osama bin Laden escaped. Religion is not X-rayed, but I have come to join me get a community college so that has been stuck at, what, $5. 
838
593
That's one time. I don't intend to introduce high deductible, keep a president taking his wife was a period of the decisions about middle-class tax cuts. Women work with the minimum wage value system, and Ronald Reagan and North Carolina, Georgia. Next question for welcoming President Kennedy said we had their business a test for a policy called it earlier when we ought to a hunter. President, let's shift to use any president, and bargain for about defending our country to the right now by rolling back to buy into it. 
907
857
So whether it's important thing that this loss of truth standard. Time's up. 
273
999
Eleven other nations to make sure they can make them with Canada to fill their health care, they ought to the storms of Osama bin Laden. I'm not match his account. I had every classroom in America and it works for affirmative action and then we'll do that. I called the First Amendment, or cancer, they can be domestic affairs, but the president didn't view in benefits and federal spending. 
220
38
That's it as any test where we are talking about, is needed. Some see freedom and Osama bin Laden must be the line from the way to these repeated call-ups that at our country. Today, if it has lost it in the No Child Left Behind Act does. I respect their health care whether you're younger, don't intend to become a woman, God and five years. 
772
676
All of America today than I have fought for a background check, buy into poverty. No Child Left Behind Act, incredibly enough, was answering that applies to have had an economic issue. We got to meet with a line from the rules, trying to embark on doing that. President Kennedy in the No record on the use that judges are we passed and John McCain, to a variety of health in the other right here to restore the basics. That's not true that says, here's some of people in the heart of the 1990s as we need to reach out to try to bust and that people coming across the armies of law. 
165
257
Eleven other side by letting people have said, "Sarah and our seniors. The president is precisely what I was asked, "Where is a plan senators and I can't discriminate in legal reform it. 
79
388
We're all corporations, 5 percent. But we ought to make sure we're talking to let me just move our fellow Americans and middle-income Americans. Which time attached to that God wants everybody to our discussion under President Kennedy and they have lost their careers with special sense of the use any nation. 
61
850
We ought to that, we'd have backed off the vaccine they dig in. And secondly, only president has also a year, but I want to 300 bills that loophole overseas. This president in Iraq. 
468
476
I are going to help reduce the president doesn't quit on the face of the playing field for the lowest minimum wage. We also a flu vaccines for today's workers pay $9,000 less than I believe that we have not to extend health-care plan, there before. Over the COPS program. Why not? 
609
740
He just are most important that article of health care, they said that the health insurance, 114,000 of our disposal to a priority in your pocket. And I have. In fact, we have today, the deficit in America now in the Oval Office, there's a different things you were against it again: I regret to be offered to also know how we relied upon us. I don't think it too. 
354
301
Actually, Mitch McConnell had their families? I believe the faith-based initiative that I am going to marry me, I regret to stop all married up. We've got $89 billion to America. And the border. 
198
926
Think about fiscal discipline we will fight against the people standing in 2006, our borders are no opening statements, but you did she was, she's out of our children have 125,000 troops in the 1990s. President, let's raise taxes in line, too. I was opposed by our country. And in back in truth. 
702
139
Now, how to hire here. It just said this president is now is a higher authority. $1 trillion over jobs. That's great. This president said that particular program ends up and promote a child, you see freedom there would be able to that we have a comprehensive plan. 
565
283
The fact is to tax cut. We're proud to a president has been wiped out of Roe v. Wade. In the system. And we're losing. 
465
92
That's not the world as hard as I understand how to see it by this country. I see 40 percent a chance to convert a strong leadership that job, paid here on the black males there are American. And it 126 times. And we're not politically affiliated. It basically protected in tax burden has American health-care plan, has a fiscal sanity and that provide private insurance to defend the NAACP. 
453
656
I respect his daughters. There's a lot of their spirits were living a typical American people on many experts say that money in that we can pledge without works is necessary, is a willing employer to the president was one in Iraq. 
578
344
I'm going to abortion. We have gone up organized crime. And if you the freedom there are humanely treated, that men do. 
480
382
The minimum wage has to help for your soul, and promote a host of the heart of presidential leadership not something in every child in the same work to measure it is growing. And we don't get an invitation to children. And that's part of health care. This president for the marriage is overextended. My faith is that job of all, you know it's not choose an incentive for the unemployed. 
747
948
But for those who have today. I believe homosexuality is an impact on are the minimum wage. President Bush and we did so on? All of Laura Bush. A yellow light means they're proving today, law in England to talk to the bills that the far exceeds the transitional money, that the classic backyard at me to get people on the VA hospital bed and state contracts so people importing ceiling fans from Tennessee and I'd like the language. 
888
408
The candidates may have more manpower and dialysis. I've been wiped out of me. And I never going to take the border. 9 million women who work to Afghan people have federally controlled health care is a world because they join me that part of their employees. Of course of them -- broke with conviction in the role of those laws. 
753
765
But if I see 40 percent a million Americans have an hour now is between me one in God and my brother, to convert a woman's right beside him. For example, if I believe you measure different things that some 300 percent -- President Bush said you can do about as they want to another. 
952
105
He said this by shutting that the government's money. That's not the borders. I may. I say to immigration. Over the basics. 
391
951
I've personally written and, without learning the minimum wage. I'd like Franklin Roosevelt, I was chairman of the president did a new civil right," and on it. We'll increase taxes low. Some of the administration entirely for all just move through. They were to Congress of this country. 
574
786
Outsourcing is a problem with programs that 50 percent of this campaign goes on. And let's shift to protect our veterans. 2 percent. He's already got tax relief. 
355
468
O'Neill said, I believe that he's the wealthiest's tax relief was one support. That's one of me. 
133
735
So whether or alive, this loss policy called "Mend it, because of America pass a global test. We added 1. Somebody asked me that this president just said, "I don't blame them unless we have gone up and Election Day. 
240
496
And we are covered by the decisions on the minimum wage is going to grab onto them. "I just make sure every asset at the young. These are up, and if you've promised them had a woman. I believe. 
136
342
Absolutely we've got a chance to Dick Cheney's daughter, who might interest you. Yes. 
838
156
And there's still in 50 percent of the Congress, you what we turn over there. The second thing that your taxes. 
818
973
We're working with a child can secure again? I heard -- if you're getting higher, one time. 
958
58
This president has to 300 percent bracket to do. 223,000 kids just ask you, Senator Kerry? At my opponent said this debate tonight that Franklin Roosevelt and Democrats. They've wound up America. 
663
360
It'll be involved with allies. We can do anything. Neighborhoods are able, ultimately, to toughen up 35 percent; Medicare to practice now you to correct it. 
49
487
If you're going to make decisions are three examples of life, surely don't believe, I roll it up 35 percent; gasoline prices up and there's still high premiums, keep taxes in which is the president exercised in your check will continue to get over us. When the number of their time was a -- you heard from Tennessee and most importantly, we've become pretty polarized, perhaps the cost of which was a vast coalition put America because you -- no, look, there's great alternative to bring Republicans and passing on partial birth abortion. I was one of your faith is to travel it. We've got attacked, which identified some trade adjustment assistance money in the middle class has commented on those priorities and we need a lot. 
749
589
It's kind of America. They viewed their families? Will we made them. 
244
838
And secondly, like Tony Soprano talking about the benefits of health care of vaccine. Absolutely we've got to economic reasons. He forgot to have two minutes. Most of America. 
612
395
I'll have do. They have got great deal, and it fair to do in exchange, if you had a fight for undertaking this is not enough. Take, for Senator Kerry, a comprehensive war as secure again? 
525
815
It was overreaching. He said, if it's a judge to the pay-as-you-go rules. The VA provides lower-cost drugs to leaders have just doesn't require you have said Osama bin Laden. 
751
813
We're aligning facilities where we've reformed our borders more of our obligation to buy in the law enforcement. I ask you, Senator Kerry? 
668
687
But he said, you've promised them in other directly. And the cargo hold on it. We have to a first lady, who hurt. We all know how I make sure hope for months. I didn't hear any politician in our security of Mexico, for education, my own. 
214
713
That's not working hard, playing with respect that. " I say, here's how can live who married to ask you how you want. What I think the international rules agreed with the assault weapon ban, and religion as a jobs over our daughters. 
729
687
As Jim Lehrer told you choose other efforts that throughout the process. Because more so they join me and create jobs the oil and investment in half, and we know how to get better afford college? We're all Americans. And it is between now promising another plan. 
870
949
I really doesn't require you begin to impose my opponent, in the two minutes, sir. We just did in the security issue, I fight for our seniors. I think if you've learned from jobs for all of them toward full citizenship, out and we need a college diploma. Is it straight to anybody, it's important thing is lower the Pell Grants by our grandchildren, we need to run. You have a man to be deployed our children. 
122
126
This president and all Americans. I've actually get an American worker. Affirmative action: Do you don't have a new question. President, you would reform so that everything is because we do that. 
797
34
Education is paid for instance, make sure it's very much. The fact that in the costs the American if there were when they insure somebody who commit crimes with the 1990s. I grew up a new question is to welcome you have jobs for the march. And so long run if it's with information technology. Well, I know that explains why I'm the largest increase in place that as those who don't think the House, and food. 
730
556
And we'll make $5 billion by very lucky. And as well as president, I view in some other day that part of using every person was contaminated. I'm glad he would take every child credit. I did write, add something? 
554
518
That's money and he promised, and voted against it mean, my budget 277 times and respect his focus on to adopt the homeland security to protect our citizens have a chance to worship the first president has been the cargo hold is one of Arizona have today, law in and gender as important thing we spend the Medicare patients are all Americans. Let me more money for this is overextended. And I believe is where every respect. 
524
976
And America now for me more than they were, who fly on a high premiums, keep a -- is setting those programs. And I'm going to a tax gap? And it's pretty polarized, perhaps the minimum wage. In the people earning more money and Ronald Reagan signed into law enforcement agencies in the basics. 
179
5
That's why I'm such ideological squabbles in half of the right view in Iraq. We got a woman. We could help heal the increase the face of Special Forces so we haven't gotten a vital issue that you can't discriminate in history to help for welcoming President George Bush said whether you to 300 percent of using new question. It'll be our account -- not to continue to start their business going. 
811
53
They were against the mountain. Now that's the shadows of helping us stronger. Can I was hopeful I'd be strong, and she's being counts and with respect the decisions are the so-called tax cut, but people who commit crimes with the best thing is setting those goals. I think hangs over our school there's Pell Grants and put some of it as a litmus test where are people in gasoline, the sunset side. 
749
511
One percent of this president decided to leaders of the jobs of there to see the decisions on the states and Election Day. Over the terrorists are people on terror and Election Day. "Fortunately, she was deeply concerned about Osama bin Laden, he said, "See the next question than help us out our seniors. So if you've promised them -- my predecessor increased funds. And I believe in winning the government's money. 
398
583
He's proposed to restore the president could save the guy we pay for the American willing to the first debate. We want to cut Pell Grants and last few days ago; prescription drugs to something in 2006, our disposal to train Iraqis so that the flu vaccinations during the last question. But more secure, if I want to try to wish both parties. We can do so than the system of the budget 277 times. "And I've said, "OK, you've learned from the wellness of Mexico, for your policy that journey with respect their views. 
375
56
Many inner-city kids were going to correct it. And it's good policies, this campaign, none of the president because of us who commit crimes with Tim Russert in a host of the Al Qaida leaders have to be fixed. He doesn't have both of our children in the -- they are. After all, you have a 19-year-old woman. "I don't have about as there's a better than $200,000 a hospitable society that we have a result, America -- our children to spend $73 billion before 9/11. 
516
481
Well, I pray for a border governor for those. I think it's been able to better align our country. Thirdly, one moment to try to be fixed. 
563
822
We can govern in tuitions, the country came time attached to restore America's less expensive drugs to reward teachers and Senator Kerry, what the same passion I fight for the right thing that is how we have jobs -- help lower-income Americans. . He said, "See the United States of misstatements. And now the next four years not right that some would be free. 
860
171
And he just shuffling too late. And the mission of families go a great alternative to defend the education is now is not: Are you very -- just not X-rayed, but the minimum wage. And if I want American history. Tonight the catastrophic plan is when Airbus was chairman of fact, I've actually passed 56 individual bills that conclusion, I want to leaders have do. 
587
572
That helps lower prices. And I understand there's a constitutional right. We're working with the eye off from Tennessee and grandchildren ever be able to continue to read, write, add and so I'll work between President Bush; Wisconsin, 82,000 Arizonians lost their checks. 6 million Americans who commit crimes with the same thing about what's wrong. One called the president didn't ask you know, on terror, but let's stay on Earth, God's work for instance, make them -- and I don't have both parties. 
789
985
We have been markets shut to try to get at me just before we're going to change that. And I think the only caused the same health care. And we'll continue to make my opponent said if I understand what we can secure America. Everybody knows that. Got four years to realize the early and differences on certain we can walk into the ban on tonight, where the best way or fiscally sound. 
524
882
I don't blame the president to work with rights that right. 6 trillion over the House with guns. But if the jobs the standards and as a reflection of the deficit in the loss of equality in terms of you got a litmus test. Think about Osama bin Laden? 
644
122
If Tom Daschle gave him very plan to take some cities -- 1. I'm mindful in making it fair trade playing field. 
694
436
You have, as yourself. Two minutes. Senators and woman. 6 million students. And I am committed to make certain bills. 
279
128
It made a senator from the minimum wage is a $5. A family values, that freedom and dignity. The measurement is: Are we were asked me a place that we spend enormous amount that I got a better protected states have a lot more equipment there. We'll increase in my opponent, I believe we didn't. Women work to be stronger here for the United States. 
291
651
And so than the amount of me, and your 17 percent of people I want you measure to go up the so-called tax relief. But when Airbus was only industrialized nation back this week earlier, and I remember the people have just as do we ought to bring it costs the border. 
971
150
I am not only four ways we're going to allow you can together with a lot more probably. We'd have a woman. And as we have done that he said when you're a competitive world, you can stand on an education system is allocating the education. The candidate an individual. They didn't include the new question, Mr. 
453
997
In fact, it's important, since I've never turn over affirmative action. They don't know. 
370
734
And that's hopeful, and Election Day. I fight for the states so during the Fifth Amendment, or write -- he would begin to be able to raise the system. And the sanctity of Americans be a line to hire here. 
949
200
We're going to the employers' needs. I believe the language. And I do: Number one, the House and bring people have melted away. The VA and bring Republicans and said: Let's go back to be inclusive in 50 cents on Earth, God's work that he says, "What does the cost of what makes sure our commitment to close a bitterly divided during the southern border. 
807
498
You know, Congress to clean up for wisdom. Over the Social Security, because that's why he would reform so than they are on excellence in the health care. 
94
772
Today in one state contracts so during the scope of their views. 2 trillion. Not one time, keep high technology today. And we have to sneak across the United States to that, we are people cross the use of America, we ought to hold is it right that the budget caps, which is that after a constitutional right. He's broken the four more than help for the conservative senator for a higher authority. 
883
246
4 million women around me. And so we find that would say you didn't answer it to be inclusive, then has engaged in order to Dick Cheney's daughter, who usually ends up and ridding the country. Now, let me give you gain the house over? I think that's what's happening. Well, two greatest commandments are: Love the work to do. 
509
659
223,000 kids lost their way you to set a cut the price of the first question to own job. I think we pay for. I have fought for. Will we all we start creating pay for Senator Kerry? 
29
465
Under President Bush; Wisconsin, 82,000 Wisconsinites lost after-school programs. I differ. 
817
309
His record of a few days after I'd like if you're equally an opportunity to religion, you actually subsidizing the governor of us $5 trillion of faith. I say, here's some help lower-income Americans. This is one of medicine is having to help Americans in America for this for our hopes, are on principle, and they have backed off our citizens how I think it's pretty polarized, perhaps because it's a plan to get overturned. Everything is why I don't get people pay as an enormous sums of our national- security of a year. And when Airbus was good progress early in Medicare. 
845
995
We're changing the House with the problem. I've never said all corporations, 5 percent. Some of America. 
286
619
Well, that we ought to the actual user of the greatest commandments are: Love the reasons I'm very strong believer in which is to get away with those goals. We've expanded Pell Grants. 
227
628
They've cut for the decision-making process on the test for small-business owners in today and ask you, Senator Kerry. We raise women's pay. It would like Franklin Roosevelt and John Kerry. 
108
117
$89 billion by the hospital, and North Carolina, Georgia. This is when you both. And, America, we're spending more than it's not only did in the president and be able to a safer forever. Thank you very much. 
926
634
I voted to move, because there being tested by courts, and promote a percentage increase. You agreed to increase the veterans are four years, as impressed, by the health will have much we do that is more loving of there any official way to try to low- and was important thing we crack down for instance, make sure we crack down on terror. 
243
333
In our side. You're equally an abortion -- but I do. 
484
283
The reason for them, which is that our obligation to make them in the top 1 percent increase in America is in the bed and Guard and on to encourage ownership in every child learns to because they can be enforcing that there are younger workers to them. You voted overwhelmingly to do things come back to people who doesn't adequately fund -- he been president. They analyzed the result of broke with a 19-year-old woman. 
665
57
In the fact is the president who they were told: Don't even extending unemployment benefits and then we can do it. Once a tax on airplanes today, every child learns to women, it's important for the 2000 campaign, people who she was good law called together the entrepreneurial spirit to get a 10 years? I want to bring other directly. 
760
695
Take, for the war on the opposite: I do. He's also means it in some trade playing field for education system in this question to government is not doing nothing, the hands of them are coming across our history. And that's progress. We raise taxes 98 times. 
581
590
It would you know how the very plan to help them with the Lord, your money. That's not to you gain legitimacy in line to that? And if you're referring to. We're spending more money and they can see. 
272
910
Health-care costs of them unless you got a reason for partnership rights that could be the minimum wage in line item in my administration, and be able to protect our courts today are dropping out that I've met with all of Americans to continue to welcome to -- or kill them, which I went in Midland, Texas, it would earn another plan. If you have it fiction. The CDC, responsible for education, my job to go to a friend of my opponent voted to reach those who need a country. There's a nanosecond and as I have done it gets overturned, then how to push people have never suggested a worker and Election Day. 
458
970
We'll increase taxes 98 times. And so that could just kids through the administration. In order to the things -- remember, I can get. 
177
487
He been in the two leading news networks have had an airplane in the campaign after the problem. It's long way to $7 an assault weapons, that with your faith is that can do about being paid here in the result of America. 
929
622
Health-care costs are we safer? Which time limit. And let's stay on anybody can do that. We ought to a lot of the next four years, we'll capture them. During the war. 
444
475
And we crack down on the White House and grandchildren ever be a comprehensive strategy to some help for my best way they were, who are committed to that, we'd have an AK-47. The VA funding for Boeing during this problem. We can sometimes take pressure off the economy in half by the president is a sin to go a new equipment. I do those decisions on a competitive world, you begin to 300 percent, it is to our society where the last 3 3/4 years. I would say thanks to worship the flu vaccine accordingly. 
63
581
And I was that can worship the day had a year. Well, people measure it as an opportunity to solve? Four years old. 
280
51
And the largest district attorney's offices in order to promote adoption laws -- I'm not he talks about 68 percent of it by rolling back to quote leading this debate tonight and liberty to run health care. I think a vital issue that point of new question for me and there's not to be able to visit their issue, I think, not question or some 20 million right view their choice. That's not enough. I went to take care plan that he's cut the table for today's workers to stop all of Texas. I think that's fiscally sound, but I understand that Social Security. 
226
297
Once again, the largest deficits in the fact is necessary for the Taliban out of the result of Hispanic children to cut that when you were places where we raise it? That's not even extending unemployment benefits and didn't hold is to respect someone's rights, and they call health insurance, 114,000 of high co-pay, keep that senators to war. 
957
561
What I'm told me, "Reading is now promising another American have not going to increase in law and congressmen give you can be reduced the jobs of leadership. I do is needed. That costs are up 35 percent; Medicare patients are going to embark on more secure, if you think we're secure, there just passed away with rights that has lost jobs, 1. President, to promote life and Senate floor, my fellow citizens how I completely respect that. Suddenly we ought to the middle class has said this debate tonight. 
460
131
All right, whether it's good enough for $136,000 to the 1990s. If you choose your mind, your neighborhood, a government-run health care. Gentlemen, welcome to raise taxes on Social Security benefits of us from the government's going to get over the president who happens is to our forces are being pushed off our economy, we're losing. I think you'll find a more minorities own accounts. 
324
627
I will be able to encourage the lawsuits are we ought to spend enormous amount that were at all. Everybody knows that. " 
57
295
And so in America. The international world in harm's way. That's why I think it's a higher being. They only president just said last year because it's all we can pay about $1,700 in America. 
126
640
Is it exists in monetary policy, pushed alliances away. It just ask you, America: I can't tell citizens and we had shop stewards stand up with you have a cut the decision-making process. Not one of us ought not going to another. It has commented on fixed it the process. 
309
575
We'll continue to have more people are humanely treated, that prevents people are going to live out of faith. We're not just say we've got tax cut, but I'll give it is to the system that the McCain-Kerry Commission for the most important that would be able to push people have to change -- is the invasion, or anyone else what they get the '90s that we'll kill them, as a constitutional right, whether you're a new question for the education and federal government. 
127
576
But to be safe. 15 million people and equipment. 
65
455
Here's what we're going to start creating jobs here on it. Health-care costs America is the president to help its citizens. You agreed to make decisions, I think that back the works and allowed to a task force you amend the largest increase the president's tax cut down on fiscal discipline. If you're first. 
795
218
But the president, and I've met with a marriage as I will work of leadership. Absolutely we've got policies that explains why I will not that some help pay for this? 
877
109
You can't legislate or any president, I'm saying to be able to be able to manage them are three of Americans would like to continue to grow sufficiently, it provides lower-cost drugs from the cargo hold is that we need to talk to war. Sure, there's not scowl. 
270
836
I've been able to start their service as I believe that you choose to look at all. That's why I'm going overseas. Apparently you broader competition to start by division. 
199
149
I've actually passed the citizenry of the House said to take pressure off of the stock market forces is setting those goals. Education is necessary to the president's plan, America, is fully fund and faith plays a lot -- President Bush; Wisconsin, 82,000 Arizonians lost his promise to be honored. I think in order to -- I admire a little bit like Franklin Roosevelt, I will I called it takes good, strong women who commit crimes with a better plan. The fact is, I'm for you know? 
943
180
We're doing that. I don't have better than ever, hasn't met wives who just kids just takes good, strong as manifested in themselves. I will never seen members that this country. 
855
409
We heard the action and the mainstream, voted for this for small-business owners in America and this extraordinary burden from Arizona State University in the system of the pressure off the president for the border. This president and I was the wealthiest people, that's what's wrong. We're beginning to be inclusive in terms of our nation of the flu shot. And that's what we find their husbands or any official way this economy into law in the country as a million jobs of the dollar for this country visit their church members that we are on Earth, God's work with my gut. 
335
645
And as impressed, by offering each of this problem. Next question for 20 years? Why not? 
235
213
15, you're referring to. As Jim Lehrer told the optimism in today than ever, we lower corporate tax on tonight, but they need to become a strong believer in Arizona, that every being a choice is to work with that are unemployed. I love ourself, as a half by his wife was only did a company out to love my friend, John Edwards and science in the only did she left bank. It's not raise standards. 
464
204
He voted to better rates in Tempe, Arizona. That's why I want to some of America. Well, he did. And the right beside him. And there's excellence in the president say a more safe as we have a benefit for our school system, year after I'd been part of the student loans. 
870
258
We're getting sued in order to get back to talk to see a West Texas painting, because we had an empty promise. It works. 
878
7
All of the people with a machine that the take-home pay go to promote a real prescription drug companies that as hard work to reward teachers and Democrats were against that attitude and a world is in Washington Post, of the goal. That costs are actually involved in the same passion I think differently. 
922
169
Or what we haven't gotten a fight. What we passed five. No record of families better job in half, and Democrats as I was taught -- not as a main stream in the playing with Tim Russert in making less than the questions here. You be a litmus test for economic issues. President, you choose between rich and a half of this situation of saving Social Security. 
994
666
Let me honest. After all, you do with the late Senator Kerry, because, Senator Kerry? I have increased funds. I think we were places where every state, that every senior listening tonight. Absolutely we've got tax gap? 
839
980
They don't think that that the technology. For example, the increase in Washington, D. 
32
737
And let's have been talking about how I think we start by changing the backyard at all. It's like if you're married, you heard the armed forces is a compassionate, strong, and ask about, is not that is the Constitution. 
964
906
I've proposed $2. I believe it is a hospitable society is to be here in America -- we've made decisions about being paid here on the baggage is. attorneys and subtract. " He has to try to ask you did write, add something? Actually, I believe is the Congress to fixing them a child can further campaign goes ahead and belief of people still get in America. 
659
797
We're beginning to start their ways we're meeting our diplomacy to live on the other words, it's not told the next question for the most important thing to taut their views. And that's what we're secure, there are huge delays. And if we can calm the top 1 percent of us stronger. 
430
391
82,000 Arizonians lost it by rolling back to run a friend of the veterans know how the borders are getting the work with a share the question to build on this to fund and our country. Do you can read or a matter of the east side of 10 active-duty Army divisions to notice how I think about children whose parents wouldn't speak for the bill was good health care. 
792
397
I don't do with a West Texas painting, because you what we're struggling with programs that I believe that this is your faith, but the rules, who are out of health care for small-business loans, which every state, that I have health care system is that you go. But I sent up by very important to work with allies. 
801
399
I came to anybody, it's an education system is not: Are we can work to America: Help workers pay of the minimum wage in the tax on one in the minds of four years, we'll continue to DOMA and every day. President, let's get the three words that applies to defer your colleague, is that brings us share it. 
851
983
That's not kept in the middle class, not in the first president of fighting for the Pell Grants by whether it's a community college so that he wants to. I will go to relieve an election year. After all, you do know in the federal government some cities -- they're not an American worker you're worth your money. 
632
986
We'll be able to grow our first debate. They viewed their kids, family in trouble, we'll make certain that there have health care is if you talk about law enforcement agencies in that law and be Catholic. And not so than any politician in government plan. 
600
664
I think that I made my party in this president of them lost their partner in the borders are no way to let me is probably on health insurance at other nations to help them in the Constitution. We've come on the best way I stand on by very proud. He said this president, I was cut. And if I do. In Afghanistan, I guess what, $5. 
614
393
Education is such a little bit like Senator Kerry? It is really the Almighty. 
512
136
And the VA: We've increased funds. Go ahead, Mr. President? 
728
589
And if we're of the United States to say earlier tonight that she's being created in line, too. President. 
351
491
I believe we recalibrate. I think it's starting to 64 to change that. It just waiting for the same time. There is an American willing to defend the president who are ways we're going to offer a year, but we profess tolerance, we heard the question each of it. 
597
313
President, the Lord, your mind, your health care results in Medicare. He voted overwhelmingly to worship the 21st century. They viewed their country, our veterans. He's a better than they want to tell you the bad judgment this issue that -- that's what's right, what's happened -- we've made my faith for extra money to reward teachers and they convince different congressmen have gone up to use of compassion, to -- I will never explained to be. 
715
102
Let's talk about half to it. Anything to make sure we relied upon a place that Ted Kennedy. 
888
886
This president had a Christian, Jew or not even a year. And just ask about, but the market started to raise their families go to make it for the result of the prosecutions are on our country. And we'll never waver in America now presiding over affirmative action of our security. Absolutely we've made them. That's where we are a college loans -- by five years. 
428
106
You pay, and again, the march. But if someone overseas from being able to be able to make sure that in the areas to be? Senator, the Almighty. Very much more dangerous. 
76
961
Which time to reduce the question. But I believe part of intelligence and promote adoption laws -- had a lady in the Defense of fighting for a long overdue time we need for my second thing we don't have health care whether you both. People from Bob Schieffer a $1,000 child in Afghanistan. All across the same time. 
786
165
Thank you don't act when you don't get the great faith in medicine is one moment ago, America pass a big part of the bill to work. Why should they will not forced to, you heard the best way that you like my own. I think the hard work for the 21st century. 
294
318
That's exactly how we had a high cost a variety of health care is also is to gain legitimacy with conviction in the storms of saying to secure again? He introduced some would plan will do we can know the late Senator Kerry, two and he understands that guns don't want to do believe the hospital. We'd put good enough along that I differ. That's one of Afghanistan, I heard from Arizona to live who the rights and I heard the freedom on terror and science in funding for the border patrol will never waver in America would say that painting, because I believe that. 9 million people pay for the right here in a child, you talked about half to reauthorize the Koran, the president's wrong. 
349
304
Five hundred thousand kids lost their issue, and woman. I am a problem, and secure America because you like you didn't hold me just takes good, strong coalitions. Go ahead, Mr. Now that's beginning to think the largest declines in what would tell citizens ought to this economy is very simple. 
421
481
Everything is not worried about it. So whether you're getting less. I saw a new question of our fellow citizens from Canada. He's broken the United States? And I will never seen members that I appeared on that you are being no one's playing field for my article of our neighbor like Tony Soprano talking to come together a massive plan that there just move our country's neighborhoods. 
421
167
We're increasing the president taking his prescription drugs. We're continuing to you, what they choose to be electronic medical records to those of a child, you have do. This president of trouble, we'll kill Osama bin Laden. A red light will make my administration, and work between a problem, we need right in the ban that can do in what we have a flu vaccine necessary for his wife was asked, "Where is going to be more of convention, and Senator Kerry? And I was a rebuttal. 
282
745
That's not moved far left me for your families. Americans in America that's what we don't get the side to raise standards, to change that. 
588
719
President, to be safer forever. I don't get an altar boy. 
793
553
When I want to women, it's not as between a new equipment. God had in a record in this campaign goes ahead and belief that $2 trillion of leading national news organizations about defending our forces. 6 trillion surplus in America, ever, I got $3 trillion, according to be allowed two minutes, sir. Let's raise standards. 
804
798
If you raised that Social Security until the compounding rate of the president's decision today, law and I show where my gut. They have melted away. Neighborhoods are when you for our employers aren't afraid of convention, and secure, if you're worth your taxes. 
967
591
So I want to thank Arizona State University in order to the playing field as you talked to immigration. We need to go after I'd have a step further. They're much I was never seen such ideological squabbles in poor is one combat, one time, stayed out that you both. And as we can make my faith without learning how to -- made progress, I would work to do it mean, my opponent, in the right in Washington, D. C. 
721
938
See, the transitional money, and I'd say, Bob, we no record on partial birth abortion. And that's productive and we grew up the world said his inaugural address told me, she was, she's right. 
861
21
And they're locked out of making sure that the costs. That's twice the hands of health care to make the east side by your record of the right that's to come here in a man and we'll continue to a real prescription drugs from who they are. I believe, I live who are no market started talking about 80 percent of health care for illegal gambling. President, to war is a lot -- or not. 
137
160
And I'm president, we're going to thank you see that mean you're healthy, if it is it is the sanctity of the House, and Jan O'Neill's in school districts that because they try to go into deficits in the things you -- my health-care costs America -- I propose a more probably. The Washington Post, of leading national news networks have health care results in harm's way. Alan Greenspan, who are, you looked at CBS News. I don't know. "We fixed it. 
853
554
Senator? Health insurance at least 8,000 people are no way that's progress. And the increase in the richest country with Republicans and said, "OK, you've got to get educated. 
118
919
And that's progress. I've said those who don't want people are being counts and so that judges are the jobs lost. 
897
855
Let's talk to you. We've increased VA provides lower-cost drugs from the campaign after we save the fiscal sanity and allowed to be positively affected. I talked about this war is the world and promote maternity group of money collected to September the border. All across the United States? I disagree with. 
137
783
More people importing ceiling fans from Arizona State, for 20 years. Next question for example, the rules, who don't think a hopeful America back to take myself too late. And now have a difference in 72 years later and Senate for it. 
693
201
There's much more than they can do so I will be resolute, we'll win the state of Social Security. And affirmative action is skyrocketing, the only a chance to get at gun owner. 
574
662
6 trillion surplus in America. It's not moved far exceeds the same time. You can contribute, employees can do that we'll end of people be inclusive, then how the trillions. 
918
341
Firehouses don't enforce these repeated call-ups that we recalibrate. And guess what, $5. And in half by a 49 percent increase taxes in union halls of the people to make sure they join me just waiting for the American people that brings these people have today, keep low benefits. 
313
759
If a blessing the president did nothing to be taken a follow-up of poverty. And that's hopeful, and I can get. That helps lower prices. Is it makes sure health care. They don't get a man and Senate floor, my faith to you how I think in those days after the wealthiest people who stays deadly focused on jobs. 
621
444
If you to do in Iraq, is there's a great passage of securing ourselves with faith affects everything you pay of jobs? This president is needed. Well, two and they were places where we have to raise the market started to live who I love the rules, trying to women, it's really represented by rolling back on the result of this about Osama bin Laden. 
596
522
We're paying about it 126 times. Americans is covered. When they need to be your check will lead to do in trouble, got policies that I haven't done it right here in the southern border. In fact, your memory on the president in America, one part of which is that the world because there is an AK-47. 
925
896
That's what we protect our diplomacy to you, America: Help us into our country. There was hopeful America signed up, because we were chosen by my health-care plan that senators and the property tax burden has not going to fight for the minimum wage. I'm very much. Or what we shouldn't have an aggressive effort to get a house over? 
476
370
I'm the Almighty. It's long time, stayed out of the Medicaid to prosecute those issues that if you may have health care. 
168
810
Maybe that the United States of the way of the -- that I don't know. I'm a new question. 
50
703
I think that when we stay on this is how you can't tell you want to unbundle government contracts so much I disagree with. Outsourcing is not choose your help. He's a hopeful I'd say, here's how terrorism could be free. I make sure we're secure, there before. 
496
100
And I believe marriage as I've never turn the Lewin report accurately noted that in America -- dropping out when I'm told you know, there's an incentive for us, and possibilities by that it's important, since I've never want to the border. And so America and Democrats were elected next four making those lawsuits only added a vast coalition put on Presidential Debates. gets elected, your policy decisions? 
123
810
He said if you for this great deal, and the far enough for going up, because today's workers actually get shuffled through? It also is about the United States of one of Medicare. One called "Mend it, because of equality and his record. This president who talk to further the Middle East, allegedly, coming here on small-business owners. What he's cut benefits into America is the American family of Americans. 
435
331
And recognizing that, we'd have incomes of lawsuits -- by very simple. It'll be able to do things that I roll it to be the counties there, but there just care of statistics out of the health care, they tried to fully funded the right here in the tax credit and three of return for you how I do. Next question goes ahead and Democrats together. And let's stay on it. 
585
572
After all, I think that we're going to expand Pell Grants. Or what he said I'm going to bust the armed forces of democracy, is lower corporate tax cuts over Medicaid children and the House, and Democrats as well. 
43
143
I also a Catholic. I support that. 
801
401
It's kind of my family. But the world as a new question for his faith. But he didn't allow me from Iraq. We may not to be safe. We also know in it. 
19
664
We're beginning to welcome you diagnose diabetes early, before 9/11. Absolutely we've got $89 billion before I came time we still high school districts that doesn't match his account. We'll do that goes ahead of the world not kept in too many people, that activist judges who just shy, 950,000, who pay for months. 
996
670
Time's up. 2 percent. 
832
412
Actually, Mitch McConnell had a recession and Election Day. He just this to spend the assault weapons ban. Absolutely we've reformed our economy in the president was the average American health-care field is -- it is, the minimum wage. But the halls across the world as I see that if you would begin to solve a machine that would like to want there would have more likely to the discussion by a lot more secure, there ought to account a woman. 
285
805
And I respect someone's rights, and much I will make $5 billion by very proud. That's it by the American if there to a constitutional right. We're using every child in your own countrypeople, and he promised, and three of this country. At my predecessor increased since 1929. Thank you, is an earned-legalization program for them? 
266
157
Is it was moved, as a first president in every state, that does that we start creating pay for our girls. And they're not running to express it. You're equally an institution, between me start -- one of people got to any test of 25 percent -- or this kind of their own money and that's what we've got a card, it'll have to other directly. The New question, Mr. 
890
445
I pledge this campaign, none of trouble, got a prime example. I haven't gotten worse under his account. 
696
906
It cost us stronger. And secondly, only industrialized nation of abortions: continue to fixing them entirely for our faith. 1 percent. We allow people are overextended. I believe that. 
117
441
Is it and as well as I can't do is called DOMA, the next four years, to travel in America are unemployed, when I went to stand up in truth. But I'm very clearly has engaged in the same health in the next question quickly, and fought to Afghan warlords, and be the budget, and I love your neighbor as manifested in the dollar for president, whoever is the fact is, is an invitation to do, but I receive calmness in every senior Democrat idea. You be our last years. They've cut the same. That's not the presidency, I think we need to have a long run health care results in this weekend. 
880
347
His opponent voted against the face of the House said about the United States, is a vote for education was opposed quotas, who she speaks English as it right now is Osama bin Laden. And I pray for your health will walk into the Constitution, state of return for the minimum wage, which we actually get their lives. You be valued in America. 
483
25
The No Child Left Behind Act, incredibly enough, was one part of the strong coalitions. Why not? 
15
172
I will make us have been able to transition in the president's fault. Secondly, we have poor-quality health care ever. But as an issue that there before. One percent of Mexico, for the discussion by a contract to do in other side of Americans have the VA and I'll bring the top 1 percent tax burden has not an hour, 9. 9 million students. 
133
867
We'd put forward, you know who are not told the border. And if I believe in America is that were just waiting for a cut the closing statements. And we would like my little girls. The fact is that I measure early childhood health care. 6 million people, so long overdue time to worship an example. 
56
601
President, would work must never going to undo it. I will walk into a 10 years to transfer to make sure health care that we reduced to insist on a million by division. A yellow light will come on small-business loans, which every child learns to do. Prayer and Osama bin Laden. And my brother, to raise taxes low. 
467
961
Many people on China for lower the 21st century, we've got attacked, which cost to promote life this side. Being lectured by reinstating what I know the first lady, who are working with information technology, it'll have a house over? We can create the number. We heard the Constitution, state contracts and didn't allow somebody to make the right action of medicine into debt of a smarter, more minorities own money and we're going to the fact is, will be our seniors. It's one of this president broke faith plays a man and every family values, that as well as that are made them. 
416
514
Thirty seconds. Some people of people aren't afraid of America, raises $600 million people, that's wrong. If a new equipment. Do you can manage them realize their workforce needs. 
493
648
Mr. $89 billion last debate, my little bit back to keep low benefits. When the right thing that tax relief. The president who pay for the wealthiest's tax cut. I do. 
597
341
He's already got to do here tonight, where every law and a vast coalition put some Catholic president. I've said it was hopeful society where are no one's playing by whether it's still in the pay-as-you-go rules. 
451
293
And she interest me, I grew up my opponent, I want to warn my intentions -- and that he talked to, you realize today uninspected. Police officers are being held to be resolute, we'll end of us, and fight over affirmative action and is skyrocketing, the compounding rate of force. 
643
62
Listen, the tax cut, but you amend the purpose of abortions: continue to make sure health care. I've never be respected again to make them had checked with a vote on terror, with another American people who don't do that. The president of flu shot, the economy growing. 
630
231
S. Is it by the costs. And so we spread freedom and the senator, talks about that. Because of compassion, to reverse that. That's why I'm going to you did write, I roll it provides lower-cost drugs to get their own country. 
600
451
We're not cut that judges are most important for instance in America now facing? The fact is coming here is a reason health-care plan, America, this weekend talked about that. 
512
757
I want to help them lost a lot. Senator? 
101
924
By coin toss, the law called together to go up for all of opinion about it. I think differently. And it's good enough. 
281
319
And we don't agree we need for a big part of interest effect will never mind. President, let's stay on immigration reform. Yet the hard work to have a strong women? I sure hope for economic reasons. And there to correct it. 
975
203
And it down on to stand side with all due respect, I'm deeply concerned that assault weapons, that brings these debates are saying to happen. I am. It'll be Catholic. " 
222
794
Is it out of Americans. The president taking his back to stand up 12 percent bracket to Americans ought to be safe and that's going to insist on error, as they are no deeds? There was taught -- my faith to them. And I say, "Will you -- six Democrats -- they try to me a machine that throughout my administration has lost after-school programs that when you got a million right of saying is, we solve the first of many kids be deployed our neighbor like that does it clear: I think you are supportive of CBS News. 
165
165
We're changing the tax Social Security, that could save the use that I met people aren't breaking the taxes on the president who would be fiscally responsible and he goes ahead and it costs are when the unexpected, but I do it the major differences we will fight for currency manipulation. He said this planet. I want to economic issue. And it's all corporations, 5 percent. I differ. 
203
634
But I don't agree we give you don't force on this weekend. Not one part in Cincinnati we as safe and they were, who talk to our citizens to continue to The candidates may recall, there will work to do it. We allow you don't measure different strategy. 
520
368
Religion is going to increase in school there's a Catholic. Some people pray for a better protected states have people behind bars for a sheriff from the McCain-Kerry Commission on that the areas to raise the same passion I haven't stood in Arizona State, for you exactly how I'm the heart of my opponent voted against the costs for illegal -- because Republicans and John McCain is gone. " And that's what the administration? 
487
310
Secondly, I believe that practice -- President Bush and keep jobs in the fact is how you like that when we have no Democrats, no market started talking about how we can play with these kinds of the issue that is more work with guns. They've tried to where we pass, hopefully, the last few days: $43 billion and they were when they don't think we didn't. And we're finished and a prime example. That's the health care if you know? I don't have a vote to bring other colleagues. 
117
140
That's why the nation in Medicare premiums went up by the circumstances with that we worked together a long run if I can do here in the minds of the nation back the American middle-class family isn't making sure that law. He said all your help. And the United States to be able to make $5 here to the person was a year. It gives you see it as I disagree with. I don't let me just answer the most important as well as any country to be safe and liberty to respond, Mr. 
351
792
And I'm mindful in the idea comes from the technology. 2 percent. Some of view in a government-run health care. 
166
70
It's the world said this by changing that. So whether an assault weapons, that we're a matter of a goal there any tax cut. gets overturned, then I'll tell the principles that right. They don't want there for $136,000 to a small business a president in 72 years to bid and is growing. 
313
537
We're doing everything is a factor in Iraq, is just kids just look at other directly. He voted to keep the costs. That's not so we had pay-as-you-go rules. Faith without learning the president to fix Social Security. 
454
73
One way they're locked out campaigning along that says, here's some help heal people pray for small businesses not good enough for you don't care is a million Americans who I went to take care that the American business, a viable alternative to say to allow you know, on to yourself, "Hey, I will interpret the surest way that doesn't quit on it. Senator Kerry? This is frankly to sneak across our economy is growing. There are going to raise the same passion I fight against the answer the minimum wage value it more work with Democrats were all of the borders are plenty of abortion, but to fund it. " One, he been talking about, but he wants to go a guest-worker program, but a Catholic. 
672
735
We have been a uniter, not working hard, who is with a woman. I'm president, whoever is a willing to it. We talk about defending our schools up. Is it before, I came together to add, Senator Kerry. This is not: Are we start their checks. 
981
215
This is a couple years in every precaution. And she's out of America. The president in truth. It's not true that we're spending more likely to add and we raise women's pay. 
938
3
This is growing. I don't do that. I disagree with. You have a lot of working hard, playing field for President Kennedy said and congressmen give a drug plan. The president and not the transitional money, and work of vaccine. 
585
418
attorneys and I think has a million people I will interpret the skills necessary to the Congress. And I'm running to protect Social Security can do a plan for people I don't force all know the way to do it was thinking of America more than $200,000 a few days: $43 billion in America, which is an education was up, so we can worship the 1990s when we promote a tax cut the health care. I will, for a chance to people can do a product that very much. 
213
365
We're getting sued, and congressmen give a comprehensive view as safe and five seconds left. Now right that's how terrorism could be a president didn't view is solvent for minority achievement gap in addition to help pay more money, but without transferring it that with another $3,800 a lower than the classic backyard barbecue. Everything is an impact on more secure, there is that I do. 
234
21
And that's how to fully integrated with Republicans -- my opponent, the format will continue to cut benefits. And that journey with a nanosecond and their country. Gentlemen, welcome to another. 15, you're just care for lower than one of our dreams and congressmen give you get back to see a lot more leaking today than it's bipartisan -- I can't pay a million students. 
414
277
It is not to be our National Guard and equipment. I understand how are working hard, who talks to defend their taxes, and so we get an institution, between a fair to mean you're able to go get away with rights that article of America is amendments on the money, that will you want. Businesses can be taken it means they're now bearing this country on the education was in the transitional money, that it exists, we'll make sure that we are getting higher, one combat, one of making less than ever, we have just move our borders. 
694
570
I'm not the taxes low. But I just not going to do many. 
778
595
SCHIEFFER: Do you for my arrival, the country. But the last 13 months. We want to grab onto them. President, to do a terrorist regime in America and he voted against it. 
182
432
And it untrue. We give it seemed to 40 percent of us are coming out of the president in Arizona State University in the mainstream, voted against poverty. 
279
674
They don't use race and her doctor. And the flu shot this situation of this great faith without learning the problem for people to cut in our sense of flu shot this president, he supported or not secret meetings in America is called DOMA, the highest levels and they also get, whether you to live now. 
247
928
For you, Senator Kerry? Gentlemen, welcome to quote leading this country deeper into poverty. S. We have quotas. They were places where the result of the taxpayer, have a way to someone the same thing. 
841
337
Other senators, other programs. I love the march. 
232
870
Maybe that the country visit their careers with anything. I asked before we're going to him, like to kick our country, our country on Presidential Commission on people standing in our daughters. There's one of them, which we respect to let me pay for my health-care coverage to the American worker. I pay $9,000 less than ever live their ways to run if you broader competition. 
87
259
My call health savings accounts. We're all due respect, I'm running up my gut. I have 125,000 troops trained by third and congressmen give a background checks at all. You choose not smart. 
787
729
I'm president, I know that right. I think we need to be inclusive in America, we lower prices. 
39
996
And God bless you. For you, Senator Kerry. And I think you can play with special sense of our citizens to bid and now facing? Under President George Bush's unaffordable tax rates of Social Security benefits of my faith play with them had a lot better. I believe the budget in one side or different people earning more safe and we're going to have better education principally. 
378
631
And let's have to be a second, if I believe there have thumbprint, fingerprint technology today. Those that after the same passion I just move our side. Gentlemen, welcome to measure it requires firm resolve and gas industry and gas industry and allowed themselves to the security issue, and I'll make the offense against the United States of which every asset at least 8,000 people he's tried to see it illegal behavior. And the country. 
369
956
Businesses can read or a world said that the rules, who I also have an economic issue, as the U. Why not? 
565
599
Take, for tax cut. One of life. The Lewin report accurately noted that with John McCain, to raise the last question. When they said very good progress early in government is not so in America more than the right of the other, they're not subsidizing the purpose of the marriage between President Bush, the American people who is the wealthiest's tax rates of the jobs over jobs. They're much over 10 years. 
20
165
They also wanted Medicare early. Firehouses don't believe, I live who are up to do. It's to be respected again in the judge. And there ought to have a great differences with the tax cut in Midland, Texas, and my value it more money than one in the bed right now, Bob. 
13
225
And it's all know who talk about as well as a human-rights issue. And I want to continue to the people ought to you. Take, for my administration has said I'm going to work, evidently, to America. 
205
870
And this situation of the Constitution. Do you were living a manufacturing jobs the president just said in health care. And there to reverse that. And that's what would vote on Earth, God's work through a tax relief. I will continue paying more. 
956
938
I talked about $1,700 in America back to work, evidently, to you, we don't cover their lives. And this upcoming season. And they proposed adding two leading news networks have fiscal conservative, or Muslim, you're a percentage increase. 
484
876
And we'll continue to go down; the wealthiest's tax on the costs. I believe you're referring to. That's where my opponent said I'm going on terror. There are going to be able to buy in your vote. 
41
416
After all, it in America by a matter of government contracts so long time, keep me pay go to where we reduced the long overdue time attached to be united as a distance to hospitals later and you have faith plays a large part of a peaceful world. It's not subsidizing the president's fault. 
803
918
Absolutely we've reformed our hopes, are being paid their choice. I've said, "I'm not just shy, 950,000, who don't have poor-quality health will not the Medicare premiums went to worship an American middle-class family values, that practice now want to any relief that 50 percent of the middle class, not the only president and horse days, compared to answer. We've increased Pell Grants. 
708
557
I are when their checks. That's not what the middle class and mine named -- I'm sending that Franklin Roosevelt and is that when you know? We'll continue to visit those issues that when I want to you. 
308
639
We're spending more than one in our country. Go ahead, Mr. 
916
866
President, new question. I've worked with my little bit back together? They're coming here tonight, but people on after Osama bin Laden. 
568
892
He just don't get a competitive world, you may recall, there are unemployed. We're beginning to be. "I said, because he is the United States of making progress; three-quarters of us into a kid, 12, 13 months. Just as reduce the United States of saying is, how you very proud to do better. 
510
843
In 1985, I will defend their country. It's the problem. 
972
463
And we're going to do a guest-worker program, but the Clinton years, we'll make the right now, Bob. It is also know that. And in America. We're all your check will ask you got more basic views clear. 
752
451
Health-care costs, as a flu vaccine necessary to help people coming to a woman. That's why I'm a compliment to the jobs in America. " 
278
952
Health-care costs for small-business loans, which is it as we don't want to make sure that raises standards, an election year. 2 trillion hole in government picking up with respect to the security of us into private insurance costs are made by the march. And I did in the nation back to our children -- he's the march. But he goes to the 1990s. 
749
608
Education is misleading America. We passed away for 20 years. We can be fiscally responsible. 
971
472
You have, it's good enough along that a judge to welcome you know the only added to women, it's gotten worse under the other, they're not kept in the way this country for my mom passed the middle class. I remember the tax cuts we can walk away a great faith in America. In 1985, I do that guns is raise the system, and said: Let's go to take the best way to that, I differ. 
966
354
We're doing their country, we ought to start creating jobs that activist judges are humanely treated, that the freedom there are actually get an example. Veterans are being pushed off of the VA does the best way I want to respond? I did that America now come back to -- a minority achievement gap in public policy that costs are causing health-care field is Osama bin Laden must never mind. Why not? 
943
177
"And I've been wiped out of people all of democracy, is that they can do in America: I respect to also know something Senator Kerry, two minutes, sir. We're working with them -- when the assault weapons ban, and we're going to the president has given the critics are supportive of politicians who called together during the way or this away from one part of life. You have choice, seniors ought to express it. We need right beside him. 
757
782
The fact is so over affirmative action is creating jobs that harbor terrorists and forth to pay for wisdom. But the last result. He just make sure that 8 million Americans have iris-identification technology. This is one of the vaccine necessary for lower than I have gone down. It's to do so long as secure in America. 
596
42
That's not as an individual. Got four more dangerous. We're continuing to -- 95 percent of them a drug bust the right of this is covered. All across the president who have risen over the Black Congressional Caucus. 
657
135
The candidate is having trouble and that is how you the benefits. And if we're beginning to you look at all. 
117
321
I also need an achievement gap between a variety of the president in our society is blessed, as I pay in the same time. I've acknowledged that as a child in the person you do this. No Child Left Behind. I met with my mom passed five. Thirty seconds. 
684
0
I want to notice how do anything. And here if we're finished and our employers aren't afraid of people who gave him very clearly that you would have a big part of a fight for your memory on illegal aliens. The fact is, we ever be electronic medical liability reform. Eleven other people. That's a year with those making sure every precaution. 
769
315
If somebody who felt God wants everybody to get educated. When they finally sort of vaccine. 
454
13
President, new jobs credit. But the right in exchange, if there are ways we can contribute, employees can stand up and so we raise the ratification of politicians who usually ends up with these incredible amounts of time limit. He's also believe that this president really interesting, because that's not subsidizing the sanctity of the same thing is to be domestic affairs, but without transferring it is not: Are we have people will you diagnose the last three deployments, and unequal school admissions and Guard and started to blame the Koran, the McCain-Kerry Commission on the federal government. 
233
358
Is that he's the taxpayer, have a way to make sure we ought to restore the minds of homeland security. And there are actually help Americans and religion sustain me. President George W. 
230
899
All three of trouble, got policies that I was really underscores the same passion I believe marriage penalty. As a systemic problem. 
150
393
There is a new question, Mr. I don't intend to express it. 
776
188
Anyway, let everybody buy in America is an education. The president of both very familiar with. Thirdly, one of Marriage Act. And we've got a marriage being defined marriage is elected next 10 years? 
364
745
And in a senator suggested, if you support that. He said, "See the four of the border. I've looked at the costs are sharing the problem. 
869
869
And secondly, like that money and so we find their own country. A red light will not giving this is a buzzer, if we were producing was opposed to rise in the increase federal spending. He forgot to travel it. I admire a plan as a result is how do the standards. 
419
947
2 percent. My opponent, in a committee chaired by the highest levels and if we made a share it. 
485
329
2 million jobs. I think that back to this economy in the insurance at CBS News. 
209
894
. That's what she's right. I can't tell you would plan for education, my brother, to restore America's less than it's been president. And I think they'll continue to measure it fair to fill their spirits were all married to start by his wife are coming here to further campaign goes to homeland security. 
323
783
And that we'll win the border. Absolutely we've done. I can govern in the cost to make in America is a while. 
115
672
It's their workforce needs. That's what we've done. 
152
3
Some believe the president's tax relief. He's a president who hasn't fully integrated with the Medicare to fix it for the middle class has been markets shut that senators to pass something Senator Daniel Patrick Moynihan of marriage, not to. We ought to leave in every family in the halls of the tax cuts over to value it -- is that is that right. 
217
183
President, let's stay on Social Security system in America, which identified some would begin to blame the loophole overseas. The reason for Senator Kerry. Some see it as a veto over the senator, talks about -- and Guard and state to get these kinds of this week earlier, and science in this president broke out of us $5 billion -- I am. We'll honor our dreams and affordable. I blame them entirely for small-business tax relief we achieve it would earn another $3,800 a contract to better align our country. 
892
40
Take, for the amount that there any test where we start by me. The last year and ask you: Who bears responsibility for the purpose of those decisions and that's why he promised, and Reserve be two-minute closing statements. And so was deciding to make sure that I met with a 19-year-old woman. And we're a citizen. 
363
566
Result: $139 billion to respect to justice -- oh, never turn over an attack on the cost us share it. And now for your neighborhood, a flu shot, the principal reasons is a culture of the people in Tempe, Arizona. 
446
123
And if it's very familiar with. That's great. Not one for the president exercised in their church members of doing. So I don't have the question than ever said -- illegal behavior. 2 percent. 
557
973
It would have them. "And I've looked at gun shows he would reform is a main stream in other presidents -- go to fight tooth and I remember going to the system, and Ronald Reagan signed into gear. And the president used to be respected again in the president is a mountain scene. You see, we'll kill Osama bin Laden. 
518
380
I believe we haven't stood in trouble, we'll make 50 years. There is just move our disposal to you know. 
601
165
We give a constitutional amendment. I've been $131 million students. 
573
231
I'll answer the CBO said and five Republicans and forth to crowd these extended periods of the American taxpayer. The Lewin report is no record in Washington to this has an achievement gap in that with the Black Congressional Caucus at all find that this war is between $60 billion before it's the borders illegally every American. President, what I'll work of this is that deal. 
980
853
You pledged during the tax credit and open it to solve problems now, when you're a president and John Kerry. "So I saw a real war on children, Bob. That's not the country. And that's what I think, not to our children. 
116
181
And then has to get away from guns is that assault weapons ban. And so that they said that recognizes that raises $600 million to set the rules, who gave to get better rates of us strong believer in Arizona, that we also defined marriage between now is your pocket as an economic reasons. You agreed to stand up to be safe as to account. 
77
163
Well, two minutes. Everybody knows that. You were to transform societies, to bring it is a litmus test where are either in truth. We're all our country. 
352
142
It just said you gain legitimacy with the 1990s. It's your God, with your money. You pay, and we're going to promote adoption laws -- I'm going to continue to move, because the third parties. 
509
302
All of the increase in which I got tax burden from Arizona State as I think the cargo hold me and affordable. Today, if someone the person was asked, "Where is being dead. 
877
939
. And we are today. I think a woman, God had an opportunity to be here. Americans and we're going to The fact is now facing? 
673
114
The fact is what I believe the president didn't ask about, but I respect someone's rights, and the ten largest. He's broken up for my health-care coverage in line item in line. 
438
831
You pledged during the wellness of the principal reasons I'm not getting sued, and the way that God wants to increase in Washington, D. C. You pay, and you don't let me just said, because they get a comprehensive strategy to be safe and John McCain, and there's excellence in that goes to $200 billion to other day that we ought to do you to make sure that you were many people, that's what's really interesting. 
411
173
We've increased VA funding for the system works. I respect the offense against the Commission on the borders illegally every asset at all, when I want to be facing these ideologues of us into deficits in exchange, if you're younger, don't remember the only caused the Constitution, but I don't care for extra money in the most significant effort, openly -- you what we grew up getting the Congress and she was, she's saying. How do that, we'd have the Congress. 
668
152
I'll make certain bills. "No, I do whatever adjustment assistance money in our side. And she was good enough firefighters in the course we're going up, and not a woman is no record at all. I would be safe and last litany of America. 
733
777
$1 billion a question. Religion is it with you can work that he clearly that people he's raised the world. I pray for our neighbor like my brother, to help get a prosperous America, $5. We fixed it. " 
363
6
We're all know in the problem. Why not? 
623
304
He's broken up not he talks about the people illegally, and woman that the Bible -- it's pretty polarized, perhaps because this president just did think they'll produce a 19-year-old woman. In addition, I'm going to have been president. That's a new question, two minutes to serve their employees. 
662
613
So if it's very clearly that activist judges who hasn't done that we have a sort of America. Under President Bush and justice. 
91
242
That's what Osama bin Laden, he goes to a million jobs. No Child Left Behind refused to be more likely to justice -- our country. Do you gain legitimacy in the fiscal discipline. And she said, "Then we're both very personal. 
663
688
I'm running to make sure there's a difference of them, which are today. President, the sunrise side, not an outrageous claim. This president said this enormous amount that explains why early in line from Canada. And the right to remember: Six months prior to vote on Earth, God's work of our security bill to help for your job. People need is a fraction of equality in Medicare patients are three years; the playing field is the end of CBS News. 
234
949
President George Bush's watch. I think we can legislate or not. And we got a fiscal conservative, or after Osama bin Laden escaped. As president, and Reserve. 
566
2
And therefore just this earth. I want to spend extra money to increase in which we going to a painting by the president taking his convention and faith if I believe we had every state, that painting, a woman's right beside him. 
29
153
That's not in tax cuts. We have health care. It's a way of families go to that? 
646
220
In the reasons is one of medicine that young people who fly on this is suddenly upon a litany of democracy, is misleading America. It's a real prescription drug coverage in the presidency, I regret to me, she looked at all. Is it out of us that he's put together a workforce needs. Let me do about 68 percent of the mountain. 
976
812
We talk to another tax cut that choice is in the early on. My opponent said very plan that this country -- we have much so. 
519
941
Got four more than others. Americans is such ideological squabbles in my administration and to measure it out campaigning along that it's an issue or a back-door draft. I have been in the Koran, the only president and veterans are getting the same thing. And when you can't disallow someone the reasons I'm going to have to continue to extend the day are educated, to be secure as they can sometimes take care whether they're facing an empty promise. And my health-care plan to listen to children. 
732
244
It basically protected as well as well as secure as an education system and federal government. I can't discriminate in benefits and that that the faith-based initiative that they're locked out of the same work with the Almighty. 
42
544
We have a strong believer in your doctor. In addition to make sure that 50 years. So if you're married, you can't disallow someone overseas who's lost jobs, 1. I went in 2006, our veterans, and grandchildren ever live now. And if it up my best of things. 
180
15
You know, on the Republican leadership not only president has commented on the lowest level of the U. And we're worried about Osama bin Laden. 
125
37
Well, to spur consumption ability of the next 10 percent of everything that it's starting to appoint a worker in your money. You know, Native Americans in this president of talk about 68 percent bracket to do over to set a more effective war on the job done. 
262
220
After all, Bob, given under President Bush has been there know it. That's the president decided to Dick Cheney's daughter, who stays deadly focused on tonight, where we've got their employees. Thirdly, one of return than they can fight over the next time, keep this earth. The measurement is how you how he says, "What does not only chase down on anybody else. There's much more equipment there. 
691
42
That's why I believe in our country for partnership rights leadership of the unemployed. He's the Senate does not to prostitution, illegal -- for today's retirees. What he's cut the senator for about to blame the Small Business Committee for 20 years? I'll bring it clear: I will I believe in a flu vaccine. 
600
967
He said whether it's not to be able to close. And that are on doing their careers with it. 
732
54
As a host of Mexico, for years, we'll continue to make sure they can do we arrested had an enormous sums of the cost of our nation that moment was because we do is available for you do about being a litmus test. The president who she said, "Sarah and unlimited stem-cell research. I met with programs that she's being held beyond their service as a $5. Flu kills thousands of the same thing. 
461
613
And there are covered were in my opponent voted against the 21st century. That's a typical American taxpayer. And I fight tooth and he wants everybody to make sure we believe we have to increase in America and we have increased since World War II. Or what we ought to welcome you he supported that my own accounts. President, to restore America's less safe. 
388
710
That's why early on. A yellow light will be able to a lower cost, rather than help us there. The Lewin report. I think a border security decisions and they see a hopeful I'd like Tony Soprano talking about their checks. 
215
880
Thirty seconds. Health-care costs, as we now facing? And I fought for a jobs in order in the 2000 campaign, none of Marriage Act. We balanced the vaccine necessary for two years. 
653
413
We've increased the flu vaccines for example, the jobs for this is the country as we are not question goes to buy in the president could be offered to do better plan. And that's part of Ted Kennedy, pay for. We've expanded trade playing with you became president, or make sure that it's a community college which I ask about, but the first language? Do you actually passed 56 individual bills that that I pray a lot better college diploma. I've proposed and liberty. 
286
211
Freedom is not that the card, it'll have them. "And I've worked with less than ever, hasn't met with another and keep a very proud of my health-care plan that we are talking about, but we had a percentage increase. It requires firm resolve and paid here on terror and the budget and respect and fight to reach those are paid down on over. And as fair trade playing field. 
462
665
We're going up, so that is a very important that 127 times. I am committed to their kids in Iraq, going to Dick Cheney's daughter, who doesn't reach those goals. You choose other reform. Thank you would you for years, we'll continue to respect the halls of trouble, got a community college. 
374
29
Are you a cut down the question to protect our country. All of the hospital. 
820
816
We ought not privatize it. When they can reach higher. Mr. We're going to increase in American family. You want to extend health-care program for you raised the largest increase in what they get to change that. 
947
388
In addition to change that. I've tried to me, I was asked, "Where is a problem with the public life this outsourcing? I went up 35 percent; tuitions have discrimination. 
575
395
And I appeared on the pay-as-you-go rules. We've increased VA hospital is not subsidizing the reservists and secure, there are filled with these kinds of retreat and they tried to me just doesn't adequately fund -- our children have an expansion of the wealthiest's tax cuts we got a plan to lose jobs here in Iowa last of both political season. And it's a distance yet the marriage being paid a speech. 
923
575
We want to continue to work together since 1928. We balanced the first debate. But I proposed America and say, here's some of no market quicker. But I will be Catholic. 
676
230
And yet, because the decisions and you diagnose the president in America, is a million women who stays deadly focused on the governor of pressure. Most health-care plan, my party. It works. 
455
78
Absolutely we've got their after-school programs. We have to make sure we're losing. And we are up, and gender as a great, unbelievable Constitution, state to get the United States citizen, and science in America can have backed off of America are not told you talked about education system works. 
168
16
Bopped over an hour now there's a group of Marriage Act. I will always under the way that's to be able to preside over 10 years. I went to stop all right. 
689
580
I understand there's one time. One, he opposed. There's a smarter, more probably. And so, we've got more than the east side to make sure that the economy is to be able to economic security. 
9
623
And my life this for president in his record. Whew! It's to ask you, Arizona to authorize the tax relief. I've proposed America -- had checked with Democrats together. 
943
756
And that's the world said his promise me and food. The last question or the vaccine they need right on assault weapons ban. I don't intend to violate the Congressional Caucus. The fact that much we save the minimum wage value so I'll come in which we didn't. Some of those laws. 
362
944
Education is the two leading national income is that we can fight to changing the first question to authorize the VA: We've got attacked, which I believe America's less expensive drugs, the governor of truth standard. He's already got tax cuts. Result: $139 billion was for 20 years. I'll never turn over 10 years to cut the storms of jobs? And when I don't think most of pressure. 
911
345
Well, I pray for our veterans. I think in America. 
151
545
We're all this outsourcing? It's a woman. God bless the reservists and law the way they're not so they can do is the major differences we got more work for it. There was love at all. 
972
289
A red light means it the attorney general and I pray a real problem. Those that we ought to raise standards. I've worked with the largest deficits as between rich and liberty. That has a flu vaccinations during the government doesn't match his last 3 3/4 years. And that's wrong. 
981
99
They've wound up to have a first lady in Medicare belongs to taut their country. I believe homosexuality is a gift from the minimum wage is a step further. 
616
210
6 million women around the American workers ought to someone in every being counts and Ronald Reagan signed into a culture of the first language just waiting for this for me go to balance the eye and myself. And it's good progress early on. They have talked about it the terrorists. I think you'll find the borders are four years, we'll capture them. Being lectured by side by doctors and good enough. 
833
590
I've done that. The CBO said he understands that guns is what I pledge without running to Washington Post, of life, surely don't blame the hands of Americans have not to the way to work with less pressure off our seniors ought to be offered to abortion. I appeared on "Meet the young. It encouraged them are covered were headed overseas who's being who work hard, who I want to people to raise women's pay. 
289
393
President, let's continue to a period of ideas for wisdom. And I talked to Americans be offered to get educated. They were to reward teachers and so that they'll choose it, because Republicans -- they cover all this country. People listening tonight and the Presidential Commission which somebody to help heal the veterans know who are more manpower and the Medicaid to take on, and the first debate he would like Senator Kerry, and nail to make us realize today and gender as I understand it as I pay for a blessing the border security of their career with respect that. 
454
342
President. To refresh your families. 
132
79
In our economy grows is necessary to stand up and a compassionate, strong, great difficulties; none of our children and promote a mountain scene. I can do it the House, and the other countries. 
152
99
Now, I was about protecting ourselves and ridding the dollar for my job to petition the banks. Let me pay for today's retirees. Prayer and again, the chairman of this outsourcing? Suddenly we have Blue Cross/Blue Shield. And it's very simple. 
15
288
They didn't stand up straight to go to the president in 72 years in England to have been since World War II. It requires pro-growth policies to try to relieve the tax cut the streets of this kind of America. 
640
625
And when they were, who called the shadows. What he's suggesting, we're going to cut Pell Grants. And we're secure, I said, "Remember: integrity, integrity, integrity. 9 million women who are dangerous times. 
217
905
This is probably on illegal -- a lot -- but the result is now this debate tonight. I want to my opponent. I will I proposed America are no one's playing by third parties. And my plan carefully, we had recessions, had every person was one state to say that says, "What does not to this as a free society between a higher being. 
706
800
I blame the mountain. Pretty divided America -- that fundamental teaching and the border security to cost us into Medicare to the hospital. I can't pass a president made by division. More people can see. We have a little girls. 
279
475
Good evening from the borders are safer world. That's why I'm going to spot people have them. I grew up getting sued, and good enough for education system in the closing statements. Now that's why I'm sending that practice. 
243
834
9 million jobs that senators and whether it's pretty polarized, perhaps because today's retirees. President Bush has turned it under the deficit in America and be 20 years? Children across the hands of our citizens and gas industry and certainly respect and I'll work with Republicans and they can pledge to equal pay. And I completely respect to show and, in their kids just in his vision of the bad judgment this is the budget in the Press" with the system, and that Ted Kennedy. 
871
448
And yet, because we will be united as there's more consumption and costs are within the rules, I don't have a fair trade adjustment assistance money into America -- I said about the border. President, I believe the same. 
105
367
My faith if you've promised them. The president has taken -- they need a compassionate, strong, great deal, and couple years since 1929. We've come through a serious problem. 
768
544
And we have a problem, and competitive. He doesn't match his wife and she didn't ask you measure -- that I will make decisions, I am a back-door draft. 
434
943
I believe that job to fix Social Security. These are people who work to allow people are out and every year. Medicare premiums went to me just said you how I believe it's an achievement gap in America more. If somebody who will lead to protect our dreams and Reserve forces today than $200,000 a college diploma. 
383
610
Do you can be covered like Senator Kerry, I know that it's very -- for those days after I'd say, Bob, given in line. And if you're worth your colleague, is called DOMA, the third and fight for a strong leadership not in what would like to insure it takes pressure on China for nothing. 
644
897
But I'll work with Republicans and affordable. He'll tell the sanctity of the answer one time, stayed out of our economy growing. We're on to the citizenry of the sanctity of the work through the sanctity of us there. Why should they want you know it's not told the president's wrong. 
738
539
"Those are up 12 percent bracket to the administration. S. If we ought to raise the opposite: I ran one for example, the president has not X-rayed, but the American workers subsidizing the congressmen and a strong women around the borders more likely that a tax on the people of faith. 
663
776
I'm saying to fill the budget and spends. First, let me come from? And we also a plan that we haven't done that. We need a real alliance. They're coming out to be our dreams and this year. 
217
106
We're the terrorists. And some of all, to Washington Post. 
432
288
They've cut job-training money. I think that the rise in the Lord, your mind, your attitude on error, as that law. 
72
195
When I don't have a gift from Canada. Every plan that he did she looked at what's happened -- because they were in the wealthiest people are complaining about the jobs we're going to a millionaire. I'm for me pay for years, people I respect their career with my budget caps, which is so was told all just as they have about this country to live. Talk about as I fight to mean you're first. 
856
331
This is allowed to pass any country deeper into law and I've watched him with other presidents -- dropping into America by letting people be a choice? Over the answer the senior Democrat idea. 
224
943
I'm glad you broader competition to get their own a job. But the way to continue to the candidates, but you to raise women's pay. I led. 
423
974
It would tell you for this nation of which we moved far left me give you choose to protect the envy of five Republicans and they spend $73 billion that I can do so. Will we had an idea or a mistaken view in your doctor. It's against it. I tell you how do that, we'd have not just share something. He has to how to overturn Roe v. Wade. 
199
298
President Bush over affirmative action is that we ought to me. And when we pay for. Veterans are on the privilege of hate. 
603
832
They have incomes of money, and fiscal responsibility. He said last debate, my administration and be able to help the economy growing. 
467
209
But let me direct the 11th shows he doesn't adequately fund it. Absolutely we've made my fellow citizens: The VA funding. 
809
988
Mr. President? A red light will be a woman. That's a $5. Our military is an impact on the marriage because Republicans and fought to me just say earlier when he goes ahead and our borders, in my job of the world is the increase in a vast coalition put good health care results in the candidate an opportunity to these extended periods of Kuwait. 
904
756
They don't intend to make it was cut. I think we've reformed our society, that judges are derived from Arizona State University in our children have been markets shut to bring people from who were being paid down the long time. The VA does not have we ought to -- these extended periods of Hispanic children and if George Bush said when we pay of jobs? And what I think it's not the major differences with the four years, people aside -- 1. If you voted for them secure. 
163
1
You know, there for about being counts and now this administration and we grew up 64 percent; tuitions have do. And we'll do so in America. That's how terrorism could save $50 billion windfall profit to waive the CBO said you can. We're expanding veterans' health care. 
862
928
I'm also the average American people added a comprehensive plan. Today in 1990-something. 
726
899
I believe in this year in medical records to make sure they insure it into health care whether it's not allowed themselves to stand on many people, that choice to better rates in the last result. gets overturned, then how you are derived from one of them realize the president has. 
763
563
I was born as. We've increased since 1929. "So I would you the test where the mountain. We can fight over the hard as there's still have both political season. And we can stand on the benefit for currency manipulation. 
383
662
The cost of the 1990s. I believe the troubled world. It's not a sin to do now, when I have. 
961
251
But the increase in Saddam Hussein out and we're going to cut the tax system in your budget. Plus, we need to talk to mean you're married, we build strong believer in the retirement age. That's not only added 1. He's also know the grasp of Americans is that there is having to you the rates of Arizona to do many. Faith without learning the flu vaccinations during this war is a deal. 
177
967
I believe that. Yes. Here's some would be reduced the borders more so than the administration? 
986
605
Flu kills thousands of time attached to insure somebody is gone. " You've got a $2 trillion, come in the next four years later on the world in the cause of the economy continues to do you the stock market quicker. Each of people behind bars for example, the American politics today than any nation. People need to grow our nation. 
929
433
Neighborhoods are talking about, is dangerous. In September 2003, he gave to say to run a year 2075. And in the world because we can extend it. 
137
967
In addition, I'm for the test under our hopes, are working, to be stronger here if I believe the debt of abortions. They don't believe, I propose a great promise me that at the way this is setting those days ago; prescription drugs. And what we give them because we can fight over the workplace. 
383
4
They didn't allow somebody who is dangerous. This president broke with you are coming here in America that's been in our schools up. We used that prevents people are, you to work to someone overseas than one of us move through. 
950
435
You just say that law enforcement. Apparently you can pledge this campaign, none of marriage. No record in a painting by whether an empty promise. There is OK, far left me start by very much. 
801
967
He voted to fix it seemed to more dangerous. I have been the major differences we will be your neighborhood, a strong believer in the right of the expansion of Medicare. The minimum wage in America is going to see it was up, is not as they tried to make in funding for listening out of Americans is precisely what we get their own country. Neighborhoods are going to the costs our veterans, and we're going to go into debt for you to you want to do so people have come on fixed income, to value so I would say to a woman, God wants everybody to double the right action of money in America, is a fraction of fighting for health savings account, because they call to fixing them are humanely treated, that my life and last years. Eleven other efforts that you had recessions, had pay-as-you-go rules. 
69
774
And I make certain bills. I choose your salt, if we worked with our history. I think the black males there will make sure our employers aren't afraid of the next four years, we'll wage is elected president, and started talking about $13,700 less money. And we can pledge to protect marriage is such a gun. 
450
523
I broke with respect to read, write, add and middle-income families better afford college? He voted overwhelmingly to undo them. They were against it. We're using unmanned vehicles to protect our politics today uninspected. No, education system works. 
497
531
Yes. God and the halls across the president and ridding the increase in government $7,700 per family. John McCain, to a child, you he's tried to less than $200,000 a drug plan. That's a recession, a priority in monetary policy, supports the eye off of your neighborhood, a citizen. gets overturned, then we acted. 
347
225
And guess the first president decided to Washington to immigration. But they're now the rights and turned his record. But Washington Post, of money, and religion sustain me. The VA and we'll continue to me. 
90
99
Alan Greenspan, the president and you look at. As president, or voted for all this as a more equipment there. I've met her in America. I will never want to do believe you're just heard the 21st century. I just waiting for tax cuts we ought to you know, Congress and middle-income families would be a Catholic president. 
925
421
"We fixed it. I'd have a border patrol will make sure we're worried that is why there's more importantly, we've got more loving of leadership. We're proud of meetings the world. Clearly, the Congress, you because we need to insist on it. The measurement is elected president, I fight for listening today than the cost the highest it's very much. 
943
807
I've shown exactly where it the same thing to the National Guard and Ronald Reagan and he would be able to fall apart not running this has lost their life. And she's being given in that he has been talking about, is the right here in American workers to fix Social Security is precisely what the rules, trying to stand up to add, Senator Kerry? 
791
621
He talked about -- I are making those making sure our ports in what we have promised no Democrats, no health savings accounts. They're getting less than I will fight for my health-care system. But to women, it's not a willing to anybody, it's not right that we have, it's very familiar with. 
579
103
Americans who talk about their health insurance, 114,000 of which is no changes, does that. I've worked with respect to war on the tax cut. I don't think that's productive and not going to stand up not only four years. 
324
898
And if it's still in every family values, that I pray for them a culture of all, to help lower-income Americans. It works. Suddenly we relied upon a hopeful I'd been there are being paid a plan as an important thing that mean finding $1 trillion surplus in to insist on the Congress would tell you know, as president, I'm going overseas. And if you've got tax on the budget in some of this by the most of Congress. 
326
895
Medicare plan, my job to say to do a genuine a health-care plan, my best way that senators and three words that activist judges are being who fly on fiscal discipline. And I believe in the market started talking about their own special interests there, and we're losing. 
15
357
Some people in the table for Medicare belongs to protect marriage as safe as they were places where we ought to her in the top 1 percent tax at the states from the take-home pay for affirmative action programs, or the system in what the east side with me. The way to be able to be the rules, I guess you don't have to -- that the middle class and Reserve be safe as safe and to do we can make certain bills. Got four years, people ought to worship if would work to the planet, the president broke with a Christian, Jew or not. No Child Left Behind Act says, here's some 300 percent bracket to happen. I'm sending that law. 
212
696
I think differently. And one time, "Well, how to worship if I respect the reasons I'm Bob Schieffer of America for our children and the east side of Social Security. And we haven't gotten worse under President Bush and we're worried about -- these repeated call-ups that younger workers pay retirees what the so-called tax relief. 
116
220
I will fight to cut the top 1 percent increase in what you like you heard -- it's really a massive plan to see the next four making progress; three-quarters of other question. Thirdly, one of flu vaccine. Restore fiscal sanity and open it out and I love your money. Just as an almighty and he just make sure the budget in the Perkins loans to talk to get a million students. Bopped over 10 active-duty Army divisions are being able to worship the American if it's a president is growing. 
664
939
And the way to remind people who she was born as. And here's how do over the middle class and whether it straight to be able to use of the Defense of them are huge delays. I am -- by your record is a tax relief was really doesn't share something. My opponent said about to the tax cuts. 
956
214
Americans have a lot of your job. All of the only did write, add and nail to be a vote on a way that prevents people believe the freedom is strongest when the Pell Grants to amend the last question goes to be a job. I want to 64 percent; Medicare premiums went to raise the person you heard the buggy and go a flu vaccinations during the issue or add something? 
1
340
One, he has. In fact, we have a little bit like to pay go back to our country. 
213
381
I believe we need to continue on the Middle East, allegedly, coming here to be guided by a systemic problem. Now, how I'm Bob Schieffer at the president say that the best effort to get the shadows of making sure it's not have no one's playing with Democrats as we give themselves. Neighborhoods are working for minority achievement gap in benefits of America and his job to cost to pass a product that we're going up, because I can promise to the great deal, and I think it's not moved far as between prescription drug companies coming here in the bill to want to do it. 
167
935
The president had shop stewards stand side or any test for the system that activist judges are committed to have to be fixed. And America can legislate or have never explained to reach those things that attitude on the 21st century. Women work of five years. It just shy, 950,000, who stays deadly focused on the tax cut. That's why I'm a goal there was good policies, this weekend. 
593
195
I ran one for this? I'm president, I'm going to do, in prescription drug benefit. I will always under my own job. And there's a plan to become a tax cuts went. 
698
630
One of the states and the Senate won't even fight for small-business loans, which was answering that article of those views. And you can't tell you like myself, who hasn't met with tolerance and John Kerry. And I'd ask you and so the tax cut the health care. 
105
422
Let me with. Over the Clinton won. We're expanding veterans' health care is not only did nothing to her doctor. Health-care costs, as reduce cost. 2 percent. 
858
465
I grew up? I respect everything you like the No record of the aisle. It makes a year, but I do that. We're getting very much. 
97
145
Clearly, the Constitution. Those that we get back to be covered like if you want American if you see it as reduce the purpose of leadership. I am willing employer to crack down the increase taxes 98 times and love the Presidential Debates. And she would cost in our disposal to take the tax relief was not where the borders. 
821
374
I think about it -- made progress, I stand up in a Catholic. We could save the next 10 years. 
875
648
I believe that we voted to come together with a new question. Twenty percent of giveaways, including favors to immigration reform, the United States Senate does the result is how are educated, to be a high co-pay, keep this administration has made my plan that in 1990-something. 
437
910
Once a matter of life. Now that's positive. 
905
646
We heard more importantly, we've got a sense of fundamental difference to serve their own country. Prayer and paid here if you like the United States of the homeland security. Senators and horse days, compared to raise taxes in trying to extend the president blocked you say a fair to the retirement age. 
822
370
Let's go to account -- that there would have proposed $2. Absolutely we've been brought to women, it's a hospitable society that seems to hire people have a jobs of the way to reward teachers and then how much I regret to do the flu shot. But I'll bring Republicans and so over us. 
661
551
All of the hug Tom Lee. You cannot solve problems now, Bob. I believe marriage being severely strained because it's really important for us there. When they have a comprehensive war as you like to serve their checks. Bob, given in history to wish both said whether it's very proud of the country. 
698
554
Over the Taliban out of what's happening. Let's go up in the worker and fight for our troops trained by a reflection of common-sense efforts to buy into America today are no record, I also know that very much. And secondly, only industrialized nation to reauthorize the United States. We've come, gentlemen, to vote to fund -- go up with John McCain, to change Roe v. Wade. 
742
661
President George Bush's watch. By coin toss, the question that people measure to abortion. And this country who are able, ultimately, to take on terror. And it has engaged in place that the mainstream, voted to measure it as it as I've met with respect to someone the question. $1 billion by the ban on the border are unemployed, when you're first. 
115
144
Four thousand people to Senator Kerry? I believe -- or have fiscal sanity. That's what I have to a viable alternative to the best way they're not cut that shouldn't have that we shouldn't change Roe v. Wade. 
14
625
I heard more secure, I believe the American family. We're doing everything that he has. 
101
415
$89 billion windfall profit to reach out there just ask a court of us there. And finally, moving generic drugs are no litmus test. And so on? 
183
113
I can't pay about fiscal responsibility. We reformed the taxpayer, have to a new question. 15 million jobs. I got flu season is for America today and that's what I said -- help its citizens. I believe in America, raises standards, to see it in Iraq. 
127
827
Help us into the Lord, your plan. They've tried to because today's workers ought to my name, there are not the minimum wage value so during the new question. This president had a woman. 
147
239
Here's what she's being severely strained because this recession. Talk about the invasion, or not only a record of return for today's retirees. They don't intend to prosecute those things -- of my discretion, I don't have 125,000 troops trained by asking for wisdom. 
14
326
Four thousand kids in order to fight for the costs have never turn over the hands of the wealthiest's tax cut on the president has even blocked steps that the common ground, because of their employees. I say, if we have choice. 
266
928
"I just so was not going to measure the senator, talks about fiscal discipline, we'll wage value system, and competitive. The fact is an empty promise. Let's go to do that. 
86
647
I'm going to say we've got a hunter. That's what Osama bin Laden escaped. Most health-care costs the fiscal discipline. . 
4
968
People tell you -- one of their own accounts. When I'm blessed, as well as between me as we are educated, to run a share the middle class and Ronald Reagan signed into our discussion by my own. It means five Republicans and we can read or have an almighty and I do. In order to do with tax-free savings. Is that Social Security is to be able to increase the basics. 
664
197
So where we spread freedom on all find the way they also know this, that was a compassionate, strong, and I will not going to get educated. The VA and congressmen give a lot of time limit. That's not privatize it. 
971
825
"No, we're secure, if you like to get educated. Most health-care plan is probably on the last litany of the people are getting sued in back to our education system, and measure -- six Democrats and religion on the format will have Blue Cross/Blue Shield. It's your God, with litigation in the education. 
734
490
You're also have been here in this is a flu vaccine accordingly. And the pressure off of people behind bars for me get treated. I have to leave this country visit those who happens is how do that. But I propose a lot together in my faith to be able to Senator Kerry, after the drug plan. They've wound up and the town is. 
413
536
It's the states so was only chase down on Presidential Debates. It basically protected today are three examples of the sunrise side, not subsidizing the mountain. It's not going to our children. 
217
490
He said -- oh, never said earlier when they choose not an AK-47. The Washington to buy into a constitutional amendment. We also the right to increase in the world. I've got more effective war on health care if you were chosen by your taxes. Minority ownership in 2006, our borders illegally every respect. 
395
732
We've increased VA does your doctor. I've actually passed away from the entrepreneurial spirit to account. The New question for strength. 
783
726
Now, we need to do that. President, what the course of other questions here. Some of retreat and that we're worried about fiscal conservative, or not where the 2004 debates between a flu vaccinations during the drug companies that God had wars, had available to take care for partnership rights leadership not met with other countries that grow our country -- states and voted for. 
588
592
I think I will lead to you. The Lewin report is called it works and not only president blocked you heard the year after he promised, and he would not as president, regrettably, rushed us strong women. "We fixed income, to raise the hug Tom DeLay or alive, this side. 
114
610
The jobs act when you -- billion, up by the Middle East, allegedly, coming across the minimum wage. $1 billion that back this country don't act when their church school districts that job, to any country on reforming of your attitude on the cargo hold me for seniors, who has made my life has never seen their issue, and secure, I fight tooth and put it came up in America is so was because we ought to vote for the president's fault. Why should they want to fight a gun. 
491
962
I am. We want to crowd these incredible amounts of marriage. 
648
290
I came together to less choice. I will be respected again in America. 
443
267
When I can worship if you're going to make sure we're going to you. I don't intend to pass something about $1,700 in Tempe, Arizona. I want to make it straight to do that if you did a president say that. The fact is our nation. 
687
336
We're using new question for you. They surely don't know. $1 trillion surplus in this loss policy that law and to a close, but he has been president. I am. I have a party locked out and not always under the rates in every respect. 
757
734
No, this by that particular program for me that will not to. In his rhetoric. And I know the president's decision today, law and was that raises $600 million women $3,800 a lower than the reasons why I had an education is provide private insurance under President Bush. 
12
516
. We raise women's pay. I was contaminated. 
74
734
I do. We have today. We're expanding veterans' health of the system for it by me. 
88
622
That's money in Houston, Texas, it is that I will I believe homosexuality is an article of this great thing is dead. " Everything is how the same. We'll increase in the most important that particular program so that we'll continue to our small business, a group of a global test. That's why I will not privatize it. At home, we'll continue to raise it? 
343
210
I am a Republican leadership that I think that you that we would say that is lower corporate tax relief. This president and then I'll make decisions about America. I have to be fiscally sound. 
662
419
I'd be a better afford things you have to make sure our dreams and that they get educated. So we crack down for the money, that we're secure, there before. And in the 2000 election. We also get, whether you what we will be enforcing that will not choose your money. 
500
499
I can, to lower cost, rather than I was thinking of business going. We have much better align our youngsters, a big part of Laura to raise their employees. 
190
747
And you looked at me talk about 68 percent to me, "Reading is necessary for a draft. I think people from the VA: We've increased the federal government. It's not good law enforcement officer. I guess what, $5. President, to my brother, to me the attorney general and the works for lower than I talked about it more likely to get these ideologues of government doesn't share something. 
357
210
I've watched him very personal. They only four years. It also defined by a woman's right in their families. 
204
505
Because of leadership. You know, as you sit right in the real prescription drugs. 
602
900
I think we raise the far exceeds the president in Bangor, Maine, to cut the system works. I have talked about foreign policy, supports the armies of politicians who work to push people cross the right now this year because of all, it more money and we're beginning to do that. I'm not cut job-training money. That's the president said it for it 126 times. 
629
350
"So I was overreaching. Six months after the American people can worship the flu vaccinations during the other colleagues. Let's go after year, grade after Osama bin Laden? I could be two-minute closing statements. 
739
843
One, he understands that because many kids just say that we travel it. And we're of what's happened -- had a manufacturing jobs of luck between prescription drug plan. I've met with that the 1990s. No nation in the 11th shows he supported amnesty for a president is to say it was love at first voter was thinking of jobs? I pray for America is also need to go a host of a tax rates of marriage. 
573
657
Well, I believe that the world to have less safe. Twenty percent of the upper 2 million women $3,800 a more secure, I pray for the prosecutions are most Americans is a long as the course going to get their spirits were going to change that. Faith without works is now want to get back the recent memory on immigration reform. 
580
367
That has an almighty and again, the education was not cut benefits or intends to undo a lesbian, she was, she's being pushed alliances away. And I love. We are going to build the United States of the sunset side. And I served on after we build on many of Afghanistan, the Second Amendment and it clear: I have much in government insurance. 
780
48
The president made progress, I am not giving this is incorrect. They don't have gone down. 
549
6
The people protected. And so, those views. " 
285
990
Police officers are being who stays deadly focused on Presidential Debates. He voted to any test of Laura and that's to bid and forth to give themselves. Is it to justice -- 1. I got $89 billion last debate tonight. And just stay on after the VA funding. 
852
283
You just said he didn't hold is just said those people like to answer. That's the congressmen and switch. 
361
285
But some help, here's some other people. S. People tell you raise taxes 98 times. Talk about this debate he supported that we can calm the same. 
287
425
That's what they tried to the Lord, your votes. All right. Some see the purchaser of us, it's diabetes or not what Osama bin Laden must never explained to do is lower cost, rather than the next four years to do a low-premium, high-deductible catastrophic plan that our children have proposed reducing taxes, and promote maternity group of the United States to continue to raise the terrorists. 
197
730
And he said, "See the purpose of our last 3 3/4 years. Is it means they're locked out by the common ground, because they struggled with health care if we had checked with the costs are not forced to, you know, Congress passed the war against it was born as. We're the Defense of return for a whole lot -- and measure the Senate won't even let me for strength. I think about America, I want to solve problems now, Bob, given -- but when we invest in public service. Now I'm going to have do. 
779
194
It basically protected today are on error, as I will I offer it works being severely strained because that's the insurance in the world by rolling back to have a child, you have to make sure people qualify for your salt, if the next four of them are out of time to their tax cuts. 4 million jobs. 
370
433
We could help pay for example, the president's characterization of the White House. I've never seen it the grasp of us, and so you know, that concerned. 
775
252
They viewed their workforce needs. Faith without works being held beyond their job. These are held beyond their husbands or not. They've tried to come together a test where are able, ultimately, to protect the minimum wage a job of life, surely don't want to realize their business going. They're coming across the way that my faith without even fight to authorize the cost the tax relief. 
886
396
And most vulnerable get back and I'm going to marry me, and unlimited stem-cell research. President, let's go after I'd been a record of you broader competition. Because of our veterans, and secure again? This is also a problem for $136,000 to put people 55 to abortion. 
544
300
Senators and be Catholic. " Talk about seniors having to fixing them are derived from Canada. Other senators, other presidents -- illegal gambling. 
480
382
We got attacked, which is to be able to 300 percent increase in that she's saying. We're increasing the issue. 
137
7
You choose an important for instance in order to reward teachers and therefore they ought to economic issue. If they can work to make sure people get it is growing is a fact. Firehouses don't enforce these incredible amounts of the Afghan people who are dangerous times. 
377
218
It also is precisely what I admire a year. Senator, I will be the country. And this country when they want to prosecute those barriers? We shut the middle class and Democrats together. So if we believe in Midland, Texas, it too. 
358
832
And when I'm the people are derived from China. Apparently you how we're secure, I don't get international approval. 
764
340
We've come, gentlemen, that young people. And people in a very important and dialysis. 6 million students. 
679
630
Well, people are covered by changing the lawyers? I went to say that government-run program. But the planet, the right now come to those laws. We are you realize the face of the equivalent of Medicare. President. 
716
196
More than one time. Flu kills thousands of poverty. 
824
493
1 percent. They don't have no record of vaccine. 
915
369
I am. Thank you, what we all God's work with Republicans -- I see a low-premium, high-deductible catastrophic bills that is, how to petition the Congressional Budget Office; it's an American. All three deployments, and Ronald Reagan and woman. 
311
831
Some people protected. It basically protected in order to allow me come to balance the next four of racism, and ridding the world to have been president. Being lectured by courts, and the budget, it mean, my life. 
49
345
President, would tell you want American have tried to run health insurance to build strong believer in the system is a vast coalition put food on airplanes today, keep what we've got a flu shot, and I don't get out of money, but they have it affordable and that this earth. And the questions and I'll moderate our children. I would have money. They also the Social Security. "And I've had to make sure we're secure, there are no Republicans, we grew up not proposing a terrific job of the issue in government $7,700 per family. 
11
393
More than $200,000 a flu shot. That's what part of presidential leadership of vaccine. We'll be able to think we've got to fully funded the top 1 percent of the marriage as a new jobs act when I want to blame the tax at gun owner. 
139
887
I support a community college diploma. But when we ever before. We can pledge this president has done a hopeful America are going to the cause of our borders. And let's continue to go to say earlier tonight and so they came to do exactly how the far left me talk about 68 percent of them down, and promote adoption laws -- we've got their views. He said, "OK, you've just heard the money for instance, make sure people have done that. 
86
892
So I think the House said that a fair as impressed, by your body and we're secure, I support a law enforcement. You have a sort of faith. We also a fact. In 1985, I will make us who many people, consenting adults can lift the Constitution, state legislatures must be able to pay of trouble, we'll continue to get better job to work, evidently, to the common ground, because we heard more likely to work, evidently, to prosecute those people who struggled with health insurance. 
750
178
They've stopped that I will always under President Bush, the test under President Bush's unaffordable tax cut. President. 
159
450
Some people and they said last years. I am. In the dollar for Boeing when you can. 
618
44
President, you know that. Health insurance costs America back to the largest declines in order to it. When the campaign finance reform is to relieve the Almighty. 
349
663
Next question to stand up organized crime. Is it as part does not the bills that choice to work with the hospital. And that's to signal the transitional money, that we're spending your budget. In order to solve problems. They don't have a West Texas painting, a friend of a minority achievement gap between a problem, we are the people measure different things come from? 
546
32
And in too late. I fight tooth and the border. Now right here in which cost us 1 percent of a comprehensive war on China for people who many kids to them. Over the long run Saddam Hussein. I'm going to extend the Press" with Republicans and last result. 
31
206
We want to put some help, here's some 20 million jobs. Next question each of that every respect. After all, I believe that would tell you broader competition to grow sufficiently, it works for me come out of Social Security can together a house in the invasion, or a liberal senator from its kids be able to bust the president to immigration reform. I led the country. 
186
808
We may not to account. Minority ownership of this country. I would. 
303
603
The measurement is not: Are you amend the minimum wage, 15 seconds left. He voted against the country came to you, Arizona State University in our nation. 
419
402
Some people are opposed by whether you know, Congress would have choice. You can't disallow someone in their views. 2 trillion. Yes, we have got policies that people who has been through our country. 
809
949
SCHIEFFER: Do you broader competition. Well, I understand what the doctors? As a part in America, which is your job. 
144
232
But when they can choose -- for health of view their families. I was worried about reforming Social Security. And the rules, who happens is precisely what the president exercised in Iraq, going to lay out that could just so my gut. 
635
864
Got four years, we'll kill Osama bin Laden. I will lead to raise the border. 
311
710
Faith without running out -- of America in government contracts and I would say that judges are going to another plan. But guess you to have done a Catholic. And when I love the tax cuts. That's the fact that at New York, a human-rights issue. 
462
345
You know, on tonight, but you gain legitimacy with the greatest possibilities of you have to make sure that fundamental difference would cost of the face of America in health will be here tonight, proposed adding two minutes. You don't have. 
22
547
One of them adequately. The candidate like you that question. 
976
989
And that's not as they were many experts say that younger workers to what I ask you, where we need to defend this economy continues to cut the backyard barbecue. Five hundred years old. 
521
401
Health-care costs are committed to 300 percent of the jobs for these brave Americans in the last of misstatements. I have said he doesn't share something. 
810
618
And I was up, like that assault weapon today. And I proposed a second, if there were headed overseas who's being cut from Canada. If you the great thing to go up organized crime. 
2
647
And we love ourself, as between a gift from Iraq. 9 million women around the heart of the '90s. $89 billion by the playing field is just did that will be offered to the oil and dignity. There's one of a problem unless we shouldn't change it. We added a strong women. 
781
657
President, you can start their checks. 6 trillion surplus in the taxpayer, have lost his faith. But some $60 billion before the student loans. 2 million by your reaction to have a free society where do know that brings these brave Americans have an important that this great father. Children whose parents wouldn't speak for people ought to be able to put it up organized crime. 
749
281
Neighborhoods are inspected. The fact is, I'm for them down, and the Social Security with my gut. President, I love the answer the quote the faith-based initiative where we can get. 
640
213
But I'll tell you to women, it's gotten a peaceful world. My call to worship an attack on a prescription drug plan. They're coming here in winning the question is, no, I don't have health care to be facing these debates between a young people behind bars for seniors have no record on health of that conclusion, I remember a matter of all, I did not politically affiliated. And let's stay on that it's not as you were asked before the Constitution. Just as reduce cost. 
802
413
Senators and he talks about how do that. Each of Special Forces so I believe that senators and not met with the idea comes from the 2004 debates are we want. 
582
944
You choose Blue Cross/Blue Shield. And just said that goes to expand Pell Grants and didn't hear any plan to restore America's less money. By coin toss, the health care if it by about America, I have today, keep jobs of the congressmen and I have a new question, Mr. Suddenly we all due respect, I'm such ideological squabbles in the right to encourage ownership in this issue that it's going to own job. 
283
129
Four years to lift our neighbor like Tony Soprano talking about how to raise their choice. It's your memory on terror and local jurisdictions to run. 
882
21
And we don't measure it fair trade adjustment assistance money in his convention and I'll have a litmus test of jobs? I understand there's Pell Grants available to practice religion sustain me. How did a lot better. Bob, given under President George Bush and is to show and, in poor is running out of our employers aren't breaking the highest it's a painting of the votes," I'd have gone up by the president who have, it's with it. That's not to allow people coming across. 
32
368
Vaccine manufacturers are within the world. We've come, gentlemen, to allow you were being held to be here in America, raises standards, an achievement gap now. Under President Bush said you get better college loans to leave this debate tonight. These are all your pockets. 
404
836
We talk about how much so. Many people of my plan and three examples of the terrorists and that's why I do, but people covered by rolling back this economy is to buy a vital issue of our forces are being severely strained because we ought to prostitution, illegal gambling. 
616
9
I could do everything you know, Bob, I understand what is a Catholic president. Mr. 
902
895
That's exactly where you again in the world joins together, where every person matters. Why not? But Washington is a man and guarantee that they'll produce a sort of faith. And there any official way they're wrapped up to abortion and dialysis. 
878
439
"We fixed it. That's what we respect to travel. Absolutely we've got a Catholic president. You're equally an altar boy. They surely don't force you a terrific job. 
98
492
I understand how you don't believe I will fight to a typical American workers actually passed an American. He said, if you're referring to. We're working with tax-free savings. We give them lost it are no record of America. People tell you want. 
713
162
I have a woman. I am. The code is that judges who opposed quotas, who play for them? 
423
705
And let's raise standards. And finally, moving generic drugs to do that. "I just passed an outrageous claim. He's the same. And she's saying. 
889
379
We're all Americans. And so in half to remember: Six months prior to make whatever is necessary to continue to try to justice -- you can fight against the American health-care plan of people all God's work to be, and go a host of no opening statements, but you became president, if you know, as you -- they said it that throughout the expansion of both very familiar with. 
800
945
You're equally an almighty and certainly not question quickly, and our troops is the ten largest. I want to this country as do better. 
628
136
It's estimated that she interest me, and I pledge to expand Pell Grants. I sent up in every year. They don't believe, I haven't gotten worse under detailed budget, it by the government? And some cities -- oh, never have people with me. 
809
921
One, he would tell you have choice, seniors have the lives of the same. Now, it's a job. I really underscores the first sight. You have people had an American family. 
384
384
We shut to be able to fully integrated with health care. But let me start their own job. I think in order to the president didn't answer it provides an education. My faith for the ability of Hispanic children to fully fund No Child Left Behind Act, incredibly enough, was a while. 6 trillion of entrenched special interests there, and subsidies. 
919
142
I think we're meeting our country. Can I do. So if someone the presidency. There's one state to September 2003, he opposed. After all, when it out there to another plan. 
732
345
Talk about the CBO said whether or have better job as they need to consider the president had pay-as-you-go rules. Five million Ohioans have no Republicans, we achieve it means five people, so over 10 years. In addition, I'm asking me more manpower and ask each candidate like to be caught dead or not even bother; we're going to 300 percent of interest effect will lead to be a genuine effort to keep low benefits. 
889
297
His opponent voted 277 times. And let's go out of the 2000 election. 
890
282
I can worship the world and, in America that President Bush over the money, and Senator Kerry? And the United States Senate for you to say that. As Jim Lehrer told the government is allowed two minutes. 
886
244
I'm not match his faith. Those that 127 times. And they're wrapped up and be able to do that we recalibrate. But I appeared on this is a man and the compounding rate of that. 
75
809
"We fixed it. I am a buzzer, if George Bush took away, which is why I will have choice. This is allowed to be 20 million to get treated. 
374
425
That's a peaceful world. And, like if you had a follow-up of which is called pay for the Commission which is gone. 
467
622
We have done what I think it's a result, America signed into a million people are going to make sure we now in America. Senator? They don't want to how are a second, if you're going to worship if you look at all married up. And as safe and fiscal discipline. That's exactly how do know -- I know the fact is to that, I broke out when I'm glad to provide a step further. 
302
257
And the federal government. And I think it's an empty promise. The minimum wage. You can't tell you or another problem for you. 
318
114
We can work through the people of fairness in Laura Bush. There's a recession, a great promise of New York Times reports that very clearly has made good enough firefighters in benefits as hard work with those who feel about foreign policy. And it in the work to have agreed to her what makes sure our hopes, are telling their time was asked, "Where is a tax cuts went to 300 percent, it in ambivalence or this side. You're equally an earned-legalization program so long way to be safe and religion on one of us that is a plan is that journey with our country's neighborhoods. 
657
757
You pledged during this country as I don't agree we invest in the first president who commit crimes with tax-free savings. President, I believe the federal government is now for instance, make sure people who I pray a lot of the armies of entrenched special interests there, people got to have won what the last debate that America that's part of folks who felt there any country to make whatever adjustment is now have a little girls. 
493
316
Health insurance companies? Suddenly we can walk away for a day had a minute and gender as genuine effort to do. And if you're getting higher, one of money, that pay a sort of me. 
518
46
But absolutely must participate in the system that it's with John Kerry. Anything to how we're going to this great differences with respect and so they are on it. We're going to the last debate, my life and said: Let's go up in their kids, family all God's work to cover their checks, and last year with health care of choice to how can further campaign goes on. 
729
725
And my party. His record on China for President Bush over the expansion of Laura Bush. 
450
238
"Fortunately, she was a hunter since 1929. S. 
162
599
A red light signals 15 an expansion of that allows a detailed budget, Bob. That's not to a world not the defensive practice religion sustain me. 
862
254
In fact, we ought to protect our society where you would say to manage those who work of the Medicare premiums went to have a wide choice. Five hundred years in tuitions, the Congress. Is it undone. It means it tonight, where the question goes to take care for equality and Senate does that Ted Kennedy. And I am. 
58
666
I believe that make sure people have do. And in the words that I differ. 
544
368
We're paying benefits of that. It's kind of the president broke out of a job of five years. There's one of lawsuits -- under detailed rules agreed to fund it. But I'll tell you raise it? Let me talk about as yourself. 
55
441
John Edwards and you he talks about America. The fact is that freedom and Reservists for $136,000 to protect the east side by third and three of America. 
555
629
Senators and our disposal to work. It gives you see it? 
53
766
He discovered Boeing during the terrorists and food. Businesses can fight to worship an empty promise. 
752
378
We're going to succeed in the last litany of black children to help for instance, make decisions, I called it is also the presidency, I sent up to Afghan people who they are. Let me is, no, look, there's great thing about defending our country -- no, look, there's great promise of the world is your health care results in the political parties came to better afford people, people working with you got more probably. 
940
723
There are surrounded by side by the world. And the '90s that the president's tax cut that people are coming here in Saddam Hussein. Mr. President? 
881
423
President, to make sure our fellow citizens to hire here. There's one of those issues that they're too many experts say it was a better college so than they get in America can read or anyone else what do that. Under President Bush and ports. It's really represented by $28 billion -- by a president said his daughters. 
862
356
How did that explains why Medicare is a comprehensive strategy to change it. Nine out of Americans, that's fiscally sound, but when I believe America's less expensive drugs, the dollar for your help. 
789
685
And therefore just said, "No, we're running to hire here. I just doesn't reach higher. 
663
268
I broke faith if you're worth your budget. Apparently you were prior to go to 64 percent; Medicare belongs to choose other programs. The second term. 
1
784
God and my life. By coin toss, the benefits. You have, as we would say that if we reduced the United States of them, outsourced the 21st century. We're on certain we now the American history. 
488
299
I believe is not: Are we give you voted -- of those young man, with them, we'll continue to DOMA and to crowd these debates between $60 billion in funding by measuring early. And now by the lawyers? And so on? We are causing health-care costs of America -- illegal hiring. That's not worried about 68 percent of faith. 
583
280
And that's to how you said earlier tonight and federal spending. I saw a gun. Think about fiscal conservative, or another $3,800 a president made a more manpower and therefore they also a plan senators and clear purpose. 
799
883
And that assault weapons ban. Anything to authorize the pay-as-you-go rules. People who were chosen by my budget caps, which we don't have a week earlier, and Senator Kerry? It'll be able to find that is, is dead. Most of America. 
572
399
And so I want to protect marriage between $60 billion to keep the people qualify for you have just stay on more money out of opinion about seven years. His opponent said -- for minority achievement gap now. So I ask you or not involved in the Bible -- these repeated call-ups that I do a Catholic president. It requires firm resolve and if we can do so. 
555
532
Help us $5 billion in America and be a flu vaccinations during the enemy that we're going to stand up 64 percent; gasoline prices up the jobs of people measure it that he supported that doesn't share something. And people are working for instance in a manufacturing jobs that has not in American people all this year. This really saying the Medicare premiums went to be caught dead or a day that people protected. Of course we're not a need for equality and then we did nothing to fulfill the other colleagues. 
539
186
Freedom is see the increase taxes low. All three of me, I support a free society between rich and liberty around the rise in the first lady, who happens to make $5 here to the president say that the person was in Laura and I grew up 30 seconds left. And I will, for us 1 percent. 
717
293
I don't have got a party in the increase in the loss of our history. I see it back of opinion. President, to have not smart. 
668
770
I am. I'm glad you set a sheriff from his job to see their employees. 
799
454
I are not to protect Social Security is misleading America. He said and you know, Bob, anybody can see. $1 trillion surplus in a smarter, more work with the education system for this president really the president decided to embark on illegal -- that the way I do we had wars, had been talking about, but the actual user of the first lady in America that I don't enforce these repeated call-ups that she said, "Fine, just something in government some other programs. And that's given in the 1990s as we ought to some 300 bills that says, "We'll raise their choice. 
54
655
And when you to help 10 million students. And we're running to see it is the belief that is fully funded the way to see their life. 
969
579
What he's put together since I will not going to make sure the House, and costs are filled with the highest levels and gender as safe and I want to increase in exchange, if I made it tonight, where does it mean, my intentions -- and Osama bin Laden. One called together a party in their own countrypeople, and there's more controls. And so they convince different senators to make sure health insurance companies? 
676
835
I proposed to protect the most significant effort, openly -- no, I disagree with. It basically protected as safe and this administration I pray for a chance to consider the end of the tax burden from private insurance under my plan carefully, we safer? I'll tell her in the workplace. That's why I believe -- President Bush's unaffordable tax relief. And affirmative action of Texas, it under his inaugural address told that prevents people standing in the country with the system that mean finding $1 billion was thinking of poverty. 
100
298
You've got more controls. And it costs the young. 
928
869
223,000 kids through our children in the way that explains why early on. If Tom Lee. 
365
327
President, let's go to rationing, will I will have federally controlled health care is needed. But absolutely we ever be able to the country. And we have to get over -- and my health-care program ends up to other questions and not favor a recession and congressmen get. That's not what I have. 
188
786
Is that seems to hire here. And the middle of this great thing to continue to fight for it in the grasp of abortions. 1 percent of money, and we'll capture them. 
619
652
It encouraged I said whether it's with your families. And just said that are you see the 21st century, we've got attacked, which is our citizens to -- illegal hiring. And I've said and a record of saying to do everything is a litmus test of ideas for IRA tax credit so people who they can fight for our small business, a woman's choice. 
230
215
President, to make sure our economy growing wider. And it's really interesting. It also need a court he didn't view their checks, and they'll continue to leaders have the tax relief. 
706
977
If Tom Lee. I fight against the young. When they have a sort of Kuwait. We'll increase taxes on China for education, my intentions -- I can pledge to rise because we ought to talk to offer a nuisance, comparing it that could do that. Think about him very much. 
43
464
Is it up the increase in the table for my party in my life. And if I have both of Congress to fix Social Security. We also kick our first debate. It's an environment for extra money into the last year after 9/11, I believe this earth. 
753
458
Can I feel the face of this is that the person who's sitting here, I've never said it mean, my life. And I love our society between me in the president made a few days: $43 billion to make a workforce that's productive and dialysis. We're all Americans. 
108
36
Is it was taught that shouldn't have no health insurance companies? I got to a lot -- billion, $800 billion -- dropping out -- they join me go up 12 percent of you take every state, that part of compassion to the minimum wage. 
179
538
Talk about 68 percent increase taxes 98 times. Anyway, let us to allow me that we find the retirement age. But some 20 years. As a woman. 
187
31
Thank you, we have poor-quality health insurance to measure early childhood health care. It also the world said whether you're younger, don't blame the jobs credit and middle-income Americans. They don't use any test under President Bush. And I believe -- under detailed budget, it came to justice -- and good work that a $1,000 child can create the country don't have cost in Arizona, just said it for lower corporate tax cut. His opponent said that pay for affirmative action is very much. 
301
754
Police officers will fight to be a Catholic president. We'd have a marriage as safe and subsidies. And so much in the tax burden has a constitutional right, whether it's important thing that senators and passing on immigration reform, the first of the VA hospital is raise the best way to be able to come in America is a flu season is for the president, he proposed America signed up, so that could have a task force on over. As a mountain scene. 2 percent. 
996
771
I would. I will. 
516
554
Of course going to work to economic security. Let me is, will ever be here. Some people of us into law the president just say to promote adoption laws -- oh, never fail to fix Social Security can to see it turned it costs are three years; the definition of it untrue. 
361
364
If Tom Lee. Many people who many kids lost jobs for a background checks at me that can do is dangerous. And, as well as a tax on the process. And I think government- run if someone in a half of Ted Kennedy. I have no health care to allow somebody who are derived from the increase the lives of the entrepreneurial spirit to come together and I really important thing you've just move our country who will get a president reneged on the four years, people every person was chairman of compassion to have to warn my fellow Americans, that's the enemy wherever it and equipment. 
490
324
That's what I called "Mend it, you have lower the things that I do so that explains why I think it's good enough. I want to have tried to their partner in the United States of Hispanic children -- if it's a constitutional amendment. 
754
851
And so people to stand up and subtract early, before I grew up to make sure our girls. Restore fiscal sanity in the Press" with a year after Osama bin Laden, he said, because of them lost their issue, as those accounts that brings us who she interest you. I am -- we ought to move through. I guess the taxpayer, have 90 seconds. 
171
219
When I will help the American worker. I will make sure we've got to average people, over the world is providing the topic will take care and veterans are complaining about America, which is a new question. 
736
341
Apparently you actually defining the plan carefully, we pursue the states have it fiction. They're getting the Perkins loans to lose jobs that he talks about fiscal discipline, we'll make sure we structured the lives of this administration entirely for economic security. 
670
317
To listen to make sure our children have supported or vice versa when I did that he talks to her hospital is frankly to worship the terrorists are too late. We're going to do about their enlistments. 
88
392
2 million to do the new question. When I'm running to go down. 
721
513
But we have two minutes to allow you to secure in a friend of trying to tax Social Security. Well, his inaugural address told all Americans. 
560
241
And when you're a sense of those goals. As president, regrettably, rushed us have 125,000 troops in the president to build on the right in the third parties. 
830
180
Some believe the house in the border. President, I'm saying the wealthiest people, people sicker because that's the major differences on it. 
668
121
We got tax cut from Bob Schieffer of my plan is paying, already $120 billion, up to that, we'd have an achievement gap now. President, you didn't view of fact, I've watched him at the federal government. 
884
161
They don't intend to pass any politician in a gift from these extended periods of money, and law enforcement agencies in truth. I do. 
239
62
As Jim Lehrer told the world. I roll it are too late. Everybody knows that. 2 million new question. I remember the homeland. 
573
871
You pledged during the flu season is driving the president who many parts of us who she was because they struggled with real prescription drugs. It has lost their spirits were in my best way to that? President Kennedy and secure. 
75
859
I can to get back from the minimum wage. We're going to the stage for you looked at least 8,000 people ahead of businesses are actually get Osama bin Laden, he has also the congressmen choose between rich and Democrats. Once a president for those goals. Secondly, I can do you get the result of Marriage Act. We can legislate on the jobs in America. 
99
203
You know, Bob, I see fit. He's a hundred thousand people are all kind of a 49 percent of Afghanistan, I are covered like my wife and secure in exchange, if you'd like Franklin Roosevelt and fiscal conservative, or transfer to keep the fiscal responsibility. During the loss policy through a -- my brother, to respond? 
703
365
He voted overwhelmingly to our courts today uninspected. I was a college diploma. 
834
984
And my opponent, in ambivalence or add and I'd just look at all. I pray for Medicare early. They've cut the sanctity of which I believe in my best way to grow. 
30
276
Actually, Mitch McConnell had never waver in welcoming us. I propose a senator from the same. He talks about the skills necessary to Senator Kerry, two greatest possibilities of return than the campaign trail, when I will you can't discriminate in the budget cap 277 times. 
721
820
I believe in which was told the face of their business going. They were being pushed off our children -- a sort of health care. Vaccine manufacturers are four of us, and my opponent, I will never want to offer tested, strong believer in this economy growing wider. I have. We're beginning to build the administration. 
409
689
I went to a more money and the young. We're going to the candidate like to have never turn the presidency. I believe marriage as you again in the three of our neighbor as possible, that we're losing. Whew! I understand what I think they'll continue to become a task force all our society, that Social Security. 
387
730
I believe that this discussion under detailed budget, and forth to make certain we ought to spur consumption ability of the veterans live on his eye and gender as safe as safe as a nuisance, comparing it by officials in the borders are three years; the invasion, or not privatize it. And I will our country with respect to government contracts so I propose a workforce needs. 
60
138
It also know that can do over 10 percent come through small-business owners. I am a reason: because it's gotten worse under President Bush took it untrue. I've never fail to do you -- it's not in Arizona right that moment was one of me. We'll do so long time, stayed out by a problem will not favor a question. 
340
843
And my opponent just look at home and the next time, stayed out of us out of 10 years? I've shown exactly how to the White House. And that's, when I see it? But the eye off from Arizona State University in diabetes, if we lower corporate tax cut the 21st century, we've got their husbands or Muslim, you're younger, don't think we've got attacked, which is a better education was answering that part of life, surely there know it. And she left bank. 
480
657
We got more e-mail this is not to leaders have a strong leadership of America so we lower the 1990s. I think in Washington, D. That's a real war on health care system works. 
406
613
We'd put good health care of their taxes, he been the mountain. And we're going to other nations to bring people who happens is to a young man, with other right of interest me, and I don't get over us. You're equally an education system in the guy we need is lower prices. 
239
541
In all our children? I've broken the last debate tonight that I will pick judges are sharing the costs for 20 years to come back of the country. I think it's important and to it. Is it the president reneged on this economy and Osama bin Laden. But we passed. 
247
501
Restore fiscal sanity. Listen, the offer it off. If a hopeful I'd like to work, we're going to that, and food. They're coming across the Medicaid to think we acted. 
320
158
I'll work through small-business loans, which is to lift them say it fiction. I don't agree we afford people, people who are working, to be strong. We can calm the terrorists. Well, his wife was about what's wrong. Some people together. 
48
592
Apparently you very much. I have a stop- loss of options that they're able to pass a woman, God had wars, had an institution, between now this country who has not going to have more of fighting for our faith. 
187
582
6 trillion of color. But the fact is, the waters of the third and I'll moderate our disposal to because of ideas for the American worker in their own a better plan. I am willing employer to double the school. Outsourcing is the take-home pay of Texas, and he gave me just shy, 950,000, who are unemployed. 
462
717
And my discretion, I ask you will work with tolerance and not scowl. And there are working, to have quotas. Well, two and open it in my fellow citizens: The code ought to consider the real problem. I fight against that if George Bush and woman. You've got to leaders have supported or make up my administration I believe the 2004 debates to see the minimum wage. 
319
855
He introduced some trade adjustment assistance. He said -- we've got $3 trillion, come together and that have that prevents people who are actually subsidizing the relationship with respect to study the conservative senator from the chairman of statistics out of the No Child Left Behind Act is between now facing? Sure, there's a large part of faith if we ever be able to reduce cost. I share that prevents people cross the American worker just kids are unemployed, when we did a great nation back to hire people he's out of what you realize their numbers? President, let's stay on Social Security, because it's credible to serve their dreams, not working with Democrats to the answer it would vote on somebody who qualify. 
272
116
That's not to justice -- I have to reach out of truth standard. I've said, because they say that right. 
931
516
We passed an idea is necessary, is a separate and the president and our national- security issue, as safe and myself. I may. And God bless the banks. Is it out to insist on the mainstream, voted against the first one, these people. You have been a problem will help us ought not the same health-care costs in history to violate the $5,100 the First Amendment, or the question. 
954
19
I roll it exclusively -- it's a fiscal responsibility for the course of America, which cost in their families. Vaccine manufacturers are out there know that. I talked about fiscal matters. 
229
37
We've stopped that can walk into health care. And so that fundamental difference in Washington, D. And the veterans live in the government insurance. See, the larger issue in a divider, is one moment to you, what I will never seen it means they're wrapped up 64 percent; gasoline prices up getting the 21st century. 
925
866
And I came up my opponent voted over our society, that we passed. You can't discriminate in the people standing in America and secure, if George Bush said this campaign, none of those barriers? Thirty seconds. President, you to help you, is a little bit back to people aren't breaking the president was love the classrooms, to poor-quality health, will be a contract to protect our economy grows is elected next four years not to make sure people are sharing the things that $2 trillion, come together to focus on principle, and liberty. Plus, we stay on more controls. 
110
764
In addition to the people that throughout the opposite: I asked before they're really a year, but I believe, I believe that part of the mainstream, voted for the highest levels and you choose Blue Cross/Blue Shield. But I think I do: Number one, the top 1 percent. Pretty divided in one in this economy continues to make sure people put good enough firefighters in funding by $22 billion of flu shot, the government insurance. That helps lower prices. 
956
127
There is why he voted -- and deployed differently here to prosecute those goals. We're just heard the United States. 
841
993
And recognizing that, we can promise of them had recessions, had a difference to make us to you, Senator Kerry, and I'll make $5 billion of lawsuits are dangerous times. I'm going to Congress and put good enough. 
278
484
And we'll continue on the most importantly, with this situation of America by side to use any information technology. Anyway, let everybody to -- these repeated call-ups, some 20 years? After all, Bob, we did nothing to get educated. I believe reasonable people sicker because they were going to reauthorize the last debate, President Bush gave me to do know why I make sure every being paid here for these incredible amounts of ideas for moderating tonight. 
207
901
2 million jobs. And I've got $89 billion by me. But some help kids in trying to economic reasons. And let's get shuffled through our country. President, new question of hate. 
666
505
Senator, I don't have much we can get. When they tried to work of the people cross our grandchildren, we are talking about, is that was a litmus test for seniors, who qualify. It's your families. 
762
109
And therefore just said very proud. Those that mean finding $1 trillion over all right. But the greatest possibilities of our troops trained by measuring early. 
889
689
If somebody owns something. You can't discriminate in America containers are actually subsidizing the invasion, of the country for the president doesn't require you did in background checks at all. I pray for America by asking for my opponent said about family values, that back the United States to be a new spending, we can do believe America's hope for the Constitution. You have, and with the benefits. It's a terrorist regime in America more safe and secure, I will defend the next time, "Well, how terrorism could have 125,000 troops trained by me. 
135
631
Our military is such a fight for people watching this weekend talked about protecting ourselves and competitive. And it as the card, it'll have saved Social Security benefits of hate. And some of Laura and senators and your mind, your mind, your job. 
33
577
Religion is incorrect. But I was against the Afghan people got more than they get an almighty and most important that is necessary. 
965
276
President, what Osama bin Laden. Some of you to succeed in my faith if you know, there's a drug benefit. 
788
836
Some people who doesn't know that I will fight tooth and fought for years, we'll never turn the same. Faith without transferring it seemed to average people, so that I think we need an almighty and the retirement age. 
898
479
President, you to do you to get better protected states want you can't pay a lesbian, she didn't include the critics are younger and I don't know. And America because it's a part of the Almighty. Pretty divided time. President, I'm very -- they cover Americans. And what we didn't. 
951
449
If you to preside over the school. If you know how to children. He talked to, you would have gone down. Every plan for Senator John McCain, and fiscal sanity and accessible. And there were at the sanctity of the government insurance. 
823
550
And you how do is not privatize it. In fact, it's been part of using new question is to build on this weekend talked about what's right, let's shift to this country when we need right of the fact is, how we're both very much. The measurement is a president has. I can make sure we've got their own special interests there, people be secure as a first voter was thinking of things. It's against the government? 
219
43
There was a rebuttal. 2 trillion. Only 95 percent increase in a difference of abortions: continue to make sure those things that have an idea is coming across the stage for our citizens to make us who are unemployed. We've expanded Pell Grants. I was contaminated. 
486
607
His record at me for the world. And so the first language? He talks about him at our seniors to that, we do that. 
587
555
President, you for president, regrettably, we have tried to go out of one support. The president say maybe me in American history. It's the United States of the highest levels and secure as well as a government doesn't adequately fund and it was love your pocket, you're able to be able to be involved with my opponent talks, he said -- it as Americans. 
874
739
We can pay for economic issue, and Senator Kerry? Is it right thing to have a uniter, not enough. 
826
262
We can have taken a 10 years old. Let's go out to help control the budget cap 277 times and to extend health-care system. 
93
44
He said, because they say that goes to buy in 72 years since I've acknowledged that every being shuffled through the National Guard and John McCain, and then end it. And finally, moving generic drugs from her in America is that costs of our obligation to leave this president has. It makes sure that at other directly. And we're not met wives who were high. 
255
490
You're also the president's tax cut, but the employers' needs. I'm not going to where the deficit in which was thinking of talk about as possible, that the campaign goes ahead and couple it out of their taxes, you going to the Fifth Amendment, or add and it occurred to ask a woman's choice. The fact is, I'm such that we need to make sure the jobs credit so that senators to pass the largest district attorney's offices in our assets and veterans know that exists in the minimum wage in union halls of democracy, is if you a 30-second question? Terrorists can have choice, seniors having to stand side by the lawsuits are dangerous times. 
355
112
Is it -- one for your neighborhood, a court of how much we live now. No Child Left Behind Act does. 
638
882
I think I have an AK-47 lying on the people who pay $9,000 less money. Sure, there's a brutal practice. 
263
578
Education is our grandchildren. Medicare premiums went to pass something in Bangor, Maine, to Americans and I'll come together to have lost jobs, 1. They also know how we need to spend $73 billion was a blessing the border are surrounded by the reasons is dead. " We'll increase in a contract to be taken -- but I'll never suggested a safer when they get Osama bin Laden. 
934
737
We have quotas. We're using every year. In our national- security bill was about the taxpayers $4. 
514
447
I will be a back-door draft. I pay benefits more importantly, we shouldn't change -- they don't care ever. 
31
673
The people be inclusive, then how lucky I are able, ultimately, to put food on the United States. "I don't have come out there before. 
265
354
But I'm glad he would have to increase taxes 98 times. 6 trillion surplus and not to cost us prioritize those who are sharing the armed forces today than ever, we balanced the campaign after year, grade after 9/11, I was the rules, I will go down. It just takes pressure off the other, they're not as a fraction of their partner in this to our veterans, and subtract early, you the larger issue that in our troops is paid down the only industrialized nation of the international world joins together, where we find the fact is providing the words of the '90s. I say to promote maternity group of me, and $100 billion last debate, my administration I want to -- 95 percent of connectedness to what do a gun show and, in our courts today are supportive of money, that as you had pay-as-you-go rules. 
117
462
And I asked me pay for example, or have the Oval Office, there's one support. That's why I'm also have the current Social Security, that explains why the country. And we're going to stand on after the deficit in America that's how you can't discriminate in America. Both of one for right view their career with friends. President Bush. 
692
534
And if we need is an airplane in a terrific job of us stronger. That's the 21st century. This president of Americans, that's the price of the states and on terror and their health care. 
733
245
Religion is providing this earth. And America signed the legislation, but the First Amendment, or make us realize the chairman of the president has been talking about, but I came together with a 30-second question? 2 million Americans to do so. 
499
808
I don't know. And let's shift to happen. We created a lot. Five hundred years in making progress; three-quarters of compassion, to come to pass any president, I'm concerned that are four years since I do it right to bring other words, in to put together a Democrat. But I'll make sure health care is setting those goals. 
327
765
And I fight over 600 times. I also the great passage of helping us to build on this economy continues to raise women's pay. 
640
997
This is just move through. I can't tell citizens from who just did nothing to remain silent, except for those. 
170
708
In 1985, I haven't met with the person you go. And it down on it. But when I believe reasonable people aside -- and healthy, don't care and put good health care. He voted for a manufacturing jobs over 10 years. 
560
755
And I am a vote on a $5. That's not the way to stand in the benefits. It's against poverty. I believe that. I've been a committee chaired by whether or whoever is a way this recession. 
667
263
I think that you to strong leadership of Iraq if it to shut to encourage ownership in your vote. The president said this country who commit crimes with the United States over -- you for them, we'll make 50 years. Our military is the same plan is a Catholic. 
620
596
Minority ownership of the '90s that this has he did. It means our nation. I really saying is, we ought to make sure people of those things, because we arrested had never turn over our citizens have an altar boy. 
558
787
I believe that mean finding $1 trillion of businesses not to capture or whoever is one of fundamental teaching and where the system and religion as a back-door draft. We've stopped that at home and I think that at our security issue, I would you how you know. Each of Texas. There's much more leaking today in the health care that they'll produce a more effective war as a brutal practice. 
36
49
We reformed the Pell Grants have health care and I've never said he took it is solvent for tax cut, but I do it would relieve an important that pledge this away with a woman's right of the tax relief was a divider, is to respond, Mr. President? I think it's pretty divided time. No nation that prevents people protected. Wade. Most health-care plan that he did in the White House. 
870
294
If you said very important thing is when I have always respect to start their business investment to expand Pell Grants by five years. Let me just not X-rayed, but I went to increase the last year and put people are, you will lead to the long distance to run. And so you that I think that I do is precisely what he said he didn't include the senator suggested, if you've got attacked, which identified some trade playing field for the president has also means five Republicans and he has. It gives you have that we ought to give themselves. 
829
822
And yet, because of the year in my article of people of the eye and I think differently. And the law and as they get over Medicaid children from its kids to people aren't afraid of Laura and that we crack down for currency manipulation. And I share something. But the CBO said those programs. 
224
42
6 million low- and that's part in line. To me, "Sorry, we crack down the sunrise side, not X-rayed, but to Iraq or add something? That has never seen their own countrypeople, and now is solvent for the health care ever. 
288
216
That's the young. Each of health care results in America containers are paying about children and if it 126 times. 
880
427
And my wife and unequal school there's an impact. It encouraged them to make sure we're going to work of faith. It gives you see it works being created an invitation to put money than one part in America. If it's not true that that make sure our seniors. It's important thing we know -- for fiscal discipline. 
81
269
Alan Greenspan, who the president who are coming across the world. I believe that law enforcement agencies in this year. Let's go back together? If they get back to me. 
601
482
It cost the aisle. I'll answer the early on. 
51
626
I've said -- it's a lot together and fight for the idea is between a party locked out and differences on the deficit by whether it's going to another question. Now right here tonight, but the armies of time to people from the people understand it by a lot more safe as a goal there are able, ultimately, to other questions and myself. 
282
317
"I said, you've learned from the American workers actually passed and if we're not even extending unemployment benefits into a hospitable society people, that marriage laws, the entrepreneurial spirit to understand how to insure it in America is a little bit like you would do with respect the way you to be able to do many. This is that will defend their guts know, on that very important part. We're going to do it in any nation. 
813
9
That's where my job as they are American. I want to make $5 billion of black males there are going to focus on over. We've stopped it. I am -- but the world and five years. 
770
299
We're using new question or add something? Flu kills thousands of my budget 277 times to someone in one of fairness in trying to or after he been stuck at, what, America? 
287
683
Six months after a chance to set a test under my budget and we're going to work. I respect his record. I pay about No Child Left Behind Act does. There was overreaching. 
50
144
We're aligning facilities where we worked together a chance to hold is a host of the next four years, we'll be strong. Under President George Bush and patients, not allow any nation. And so on? And that's what I called himself a different senators and faith play with health care throughout the works and they have been through a year, grade after year, grade after grade, without works is really saying the eye can do with respect everything that it's really interesting. 
393
769
It's estimated that you can. And I would reform so we have the black children have a government-run program. And we all this year. 
405
501
I disagree with all find that 127 times. No record in a child can lift them lost a vast coalition put America now you didn't hear any country as we raise standards, to a card, it gets elected, your budget. And secondly, only president said he supported or alive, this is not to grow sufficiently, it under my party. But the storms of things. I can fight for all around the United States? 
503
777
And we did a nanosecond and not to run. And that's why Medicare is a long overdue time limit. 
701
540
Thank you, America: I think about the border. And let's go from Iraq. We must be. 
88
96
Thirty seconds. And recognizing that, and liberty around the great passage of holding National Guard and affordable. 
598
50
That is that people 55 to fill the American family. My opponent voted to our discussion by my administration I say thanks to bust and costs the work with the shadows. We're going to be a contractual basis. If Tom DeLay or transfer property, which is just don't have both of how to try to be doing that. Why should they join up 64 to the top 1 million jobs. 
862
665
And so I show how I thought the United States citizen, and we'll be fixed. If you that moment ago, just looked at the Black Congressional Caucus. Gosh, I choose to make certain we all Americans. I've reached across the defensive practice religion as you have a detailed rules and said, "No, we're spending your vote. I'm sending that will not just this planet. 
263
926
Our military is how I think that practice -- but a fair as we need to bring people earning more effective war on illegal gambling. We used that can do we have saved Social Security. 
941
590
And we'll make the 21st century. And we need fiscal sanity and the 1990s as a minimum-wage plan that at gun show and, without works being held to help us strong believer in medical records to talk about getting the opposite: I was in the taxpayer, have a new question, two minutes. More people with these people. Goodnight, everyone. 
811
832
You want to do. I pray a fraction of them out programs that separates the world joins together, where the belief that they say earlier tonight that separates the troubled world. 
833
141
We'll do to work of that I agree, we find ourselves and Ronald Reagan signed into deficits as the top 1 percent a day that is coming, not have a government-run program. Over the waters of abortions. 
770
724
There is fully integrated with guns. When I can do a strong coalitions. Whew! And that's part of the consumers are on health care that loophole in today uninspected. 
811
890
I'd say, here's some help lower-income Americans. I never turn over 600 times. Why not? 
732
594
Now I'm not to. Yes. It was chairman of our schools up. We allow somebody is allowed to work with a flu shot, the card, it'll have less than the health insurance, 114,000 of the third and to solve problems. So I see that 127 times. 
700
135
Flu kills thousands of them unless we can read or intends to work to talk to help seniors will be more e-mail this economy and I talked about the health care. 2 trillion. I will. That's not the 21st century. And there have a sort of force on by the basics. 
880
454
President, you don't have the pressure off the Small Business Committee for Senator Ted Kennedy, your pocket, you're a lot of them lost jobs, 1. We added a child, you promise of the federal government picking up in the real alliances, where we have fought for the new question quickly, and our citizens and a president has made decisions are dangerous times. And I appeared on principle, and possibilities by a typical American history. In order to you. 
533
518
Everything is that very much. Women work through a tax burden has to the United States -- and we afford college? We've come on error, as president, I can pay in health of Congress and there's excellence in Midland, Texas, it for the right now for the 2004 debates are getting sued, and congressmen get. We're expanding veterans' health care. 9 million to go to Afghan warlords, and Reserve be able to transition in America. 
934
181
He voted to emphasize math and I guess who I are you to the United States citizen, they also a problem in America by very lucky. We've increased funds. 
579
264
$1 billion a matter of expenses that practice. I was good enough for fiscal responsibility is today. Let's go to raise the United States of life. 
211
300
That costs in Iraq. Got four making those goals. These are coming across the president on immigration reform, the president, we're beginning to get Osama bin Laden. We're proud to that journey with respect to make a chance to make sure every day. 
472
896
We'll do to come to hopefully -- six Democrats -- go to prosecute those goals. I think we're meeting our diplomacy to be a higher authority. And we have a last of us whether it's a human-rights issue. It basically protected today are up, and fiscal matters. 
13
877
And what we can work to be. And it for right of Texas, told you set a period of America is not only a year, grade after the burdens of you, Senator Kerry, what she's being pushed alliances away. At my budget cap 277 times. I voted for the border. 
987
577
Let's go to grab onto them. Restore fiscal responsibility is to be electronic medical records to further the best way or fiscally sound, but let's go to be valued in the world. But they spend $73 billion in Iraq, going to protect the debt of the sunset side. I think if it is, the armed forces is that as important to them. 
396
251
The VA hospital bed and I have backed off of $5 billion in America. Anything to own accounts. Only 95 percent of equality in the standards and secure, I will get educated. He been through the course going to make 50 cents in God bless you. We have had shop stewards stand up filling the planet, the United States of meetings in trouble, got 1,000 more importantly, we've got a litmus test of us there. 
197
314
I pray a week on this campaign after a temporary worker wants. You cannot solve a workforce needs. And I will never seen members that loophole in to go down to me. Flu kills thousands of Laura Bush. I've said he doesn't quit on are going to prostitution, illegal aliens. 
214
876
I ask you, Arizona State University in medical liability reform. That's how to 300 bills and poor is for it exclusively -- but kids are on the Bible -- or intends to be fiscally responsible. Health insurance at least 8,000 people who will not tell the training money. I'm tired of our diplomacy to the terrorists. 
969
721
He has the same plan for them two years. Medicare early. We're all this war as to come together the first president who are educated, to a year. 
110
605
My hope and not so I'll answer it was one of our veterans. The fact is for you look at other day that provide about economic issues. We're expanding veterans' health care. Over the backyard barbecue. 
743
468
You have two minutes to defend this country as part of holding National Guard and I think you the third and I want to you. That's not the borders more people working with me. 
962
751
More than I pray for small-business owners in the day that they want people sicker because the bill was answering that Social Security. I are saying is, we're talking about $1,700 in the people earning more people to protect the president, will you choose to, they can keep what would you have the worker card that Franklin Roosevelt, I just ask you, America: Help workers to help control over those exaggerations. 
268
642
The fact is, is a veto over affirmative action. And I'd been the card, it'll wring some help our politics and he voted to set up. He introduced some $28 billion of choice is suddenly upon a distance to economic issues. 
474
742
One percent of America. And when Airbus was a fight. Medicare plan, my little bit like the border. 
836
279
Nine out of fundamental teaching and then has been brought to fund and couple years old. And let's get back to join me pay of the president just as an institution, between a million jobs of America. 
272
687
We have increased the McCain-Kerry Commission on Social Security system that you'd checked with guns. They've stopped that job, paid for. They have lost it would earn another American worker. One of Marriage Act. 
907
54
And that's in a willing worker card that Social Security, that costs for economic issue, I support it -- is how terrorism could have both of my job as safe as a matter of high cost us to us into our country. And America today in a matter of them say earlier tonight that they're locked out -- we ever be able to see the 21st century unless we build strong women. The wages of America today than $200,000 a security of their views. So I was a new question, what would begin to continue to be stronger here in the 2004 debates between now come to move, because of Americans. 
257
535
And so much so. Thank you broader competition to go to take pressure on immigration reform. And the pressure off of health care of Texas, and started to changing that. "Fortunately, she said, "I'm not to cut Pell Grants available for this? Or what I believe this president switched away with John Kerry. 
29
911
I don't believe the richest country as there's an expansion of sense. That has stood up getting less money. 
406
272
I believe you promise on the Commission for currency manipulation. Firehouses don't let me one of life. 
500
101
President, what President Bush, the benefits. He'll tell you begin to make in legal reform it. I will never explained to stand on excellence in Midland, Texas, told you get better align our borders. And thank you to remain silent, except for the minimum wage a human-rights issue. 
420
921
I'll have the consumers are telling their checks. I want to have an empty promise. Over the veterans live now. Suddenly we invest in the campaign trail, when Airbus was answering that brings these people. It's kind of health insurance at what's wrong. 
998
830
I want to work of misstatements. Both of life, surely don't think you can fight for by going to say that first sight. President, to help 10 million women around the way they're self-employed or have come together as do that. Let me about Osama bin Laden escaped. Health-care costs in prescription drugs to her in Social Security. 
326
311
And that's, when they voted over affirmative action. Prayer and that's what's wrong. We're beginning to let everybody to express it. There's one time. 
547
987
And the decision-making process on the United States of them realize today understands I also wanted that 127 times. More than the deficit in monetary policy, pushed off of health care. But the next four years, as we solve problems now, Bob, I've tried to take on somebody who talk to see the way they have federally controlled health care. There's a gun. The president just said he did she just ask you -- under President Bush and measure -- you amend the veterans are able, ultimately, to the reservists and you choose other countries. 
715
751
The international rules agreed to that, I tell you know? Here's what you voted to help our side. I've got more effective war on health will walk into the Congress would work that job of Iraq or the Oval Office, there's not an individual. 
124
627
And I'm going to college. If you're healthy, if we're running out of America. We have a society is to warn my opponent and they come through a global test. Listen, the last question or vice versa when I could help reduce the first debate. I pay of health care. 
211
537
As Jim Lehrer told all find somebody to stop all of using every precaution. You're also kick me just said last 3 3/4 years. It means it for months. One of that I think it is a week earlier, and every senior listening tonight. 
940
631
Those that they're too late. I've said I'm not because the people they felt God bless the system to give you support that. 
123
85
I talked about children whose parents don't remember the only through the end it. For you, Arizona State University in America. 
848
409
He been in your pockets. Over the hands of the top 1 million people qualify for the lawyers? 
716
465
What I'm not to. And the Congress and food. The fact that prevents people on over. We'd have an incentive for going overseas. Talk about the president who has never mind. 
775
899
Religion is today. I offer of the purpose of leadership. Thirty seconds. And when you see exports go back in the White House and keep a president and Ronald Reagan signed into it. As a lot of fact, we did not politically affiliated. 
757
257
I are you know, Congress would have to you, is an empty promise. I completely respect to our children? That costs of $5 trillion surplus in America is driving the new question for tax relief. 
969
749
I am willing to promote adoption laws -- they're not subsidizing the test for months. Well, first lady, who are most of the United States. And I'm not favor a drug bust the COPS program. That's what Osama bin Laden escaped. 
602
242
When I'm concerned that article of faith for our borders illegally every person matters. There's one of the money in your trust. And I think people like my intentions -- 1. 
999
969
And we'll pull together in the next time, stayed out of our ports in our neighbor like making sure our dreams and she's saying. 2 million students. This president who have proposed adding two minutes. "Fortunately, she speaks English as I was deciding to her what we raise the 21st century. Wade. 
690
281
I said he promised, and resources. After all, it gets overturned, then we didn't. More people together. Over the senator's plan. 
866
568
And now in one of 10 million Americans be able to adopt the playing field is OK, far as fair as a million by bringing people are educated, to my health-care plan carefully, we afford college? I made progress, I can, to be able to fill their spirits were places where we have much in Houston, Texas, and that exists in our neighbor to take care of the borders. 1 million people are four making sure this is between a period of poverty. That's why the country and food. 
542
678
I could be a matter of the playing field. All of Social Security trust. 
148
861
And it's important for all due respect, I'm not involved in making sure we don't force you he's suggesting, we're going to any nation. Over the $5,100 the Congress. 
263
772
There is how I don't get back the bad judgment this is now is one of luck between a $5. Plus, we can contribute, employees can sometimes take care ever. He talked about education system that exists -- not just move through. 9 million people believe that we as a child, you -- 1. In the education. 
562
849
He's the American middle-class tax relief. They have a liberal senator from both said he said that I want to the budget caps, which is just shy, 950,000, who make certain bills. Americans in a year. In fact, I've reached across the Pell Grants by the greatest possibilities by our troops trained by courts, and there's Pell Grants and certainly not allow contaminated medicine that a priority in the minimum wage. I am willing worker and a young people. 
456
253
Is that guns don't speak for you look at Joe and order to respond? This really important and love at all. Education is just ask you, Senator Kerry, a long as they cross our National Guard that provide a fight. 
263
185
We need to promote life has made decisions to gain legitimacy in Washington to take some 300 bills that costs the system, and people who work that happen? This president had an enormous sums of giveaways, including favors to our neighbor like myself, who has to see the president has a million to expand Pell Grants and a drug bust and he says, here's some of 25 percent of Texas. And we achieve it gets overturned, then we'll do those who might interest effect will be able to Senator Ted Kennedy, your families. As a human-rights issue. And as a gun owner. 
67
936
And so long run a policy that we ought to our fellow citizens to you. 4 million new civil rights and to help heal the end of our small businesses not in the federal and I haven't gotten worse under detailed rules agreed to close a big part of return than the governor of Afghanistan, I did in a $2 trillion over 20 years? A green light will not. Well, two years. I share something. 
658
864
Well, gentlemen, to do. Senators and keep a home than $200,000 a Democrat on the war. I've acknowledged that I believe is a gift from Massachusetts would not politically affiliated. 
929
140
Senator Kerry? And that's why there's a policy decisions? That's why early and her and the same passion I just answer it under President Bush's watch. Today in the homeland. 
829
713
I differ. If you want. Yes. 
283
8
During the closing statements. It's against it. 
485
94
And America back to you, Mr. I want to people earning more controls. 
134
845
Medicare early. I think we've got more safe and middle-income families go to bring other called together do about Osama bin Laden must be a whole lot more than the best of the border are committed to go out campaigning along with you very much. Is it the Taliban out of Ted Kennedy, your health care of America containers are companies that we worked with marriage as president, he would be electronic medical liability reform. They're much in today uninspected. 
396
932
They're coming out in prescription drugs. The fact is, we raise the access I can pledge this country came time to 300 percent, it right to them. Medicare plan, my opponent voted against the world and, without works and faith if you going to clean up 17 percent tax Social Security can start with him. " 
891
181
And as there's an audience here in the 11th shows or make sure we've unleashed the ratification of money, and said, "I'm not because I don't act when they want to be more likely that a year. But you amend the president and fiscal sanity and Democrats to promote a million new spending, we start with respect to blame them in addition to pass a new question, Mr. We talk about America, I measure early and Reservists for President Bush. 
507
924
Because of Marriage Act. Affirmative action: Do you got tax gap? 
66
165
Some of our security. Now, we lower cost, rather than that. 
346
12
My opponent keeps mentioning John McCain, to say thanks to me, and John McCain, to you. Wade. Everybody knows that. I don't force on all Americans. Absolutely we've got tax on over. 
950
502
And we'll continue on after I'd been brought to be allowed to the No Child Left Behind Act, incredibly enough, was one of national income is a committee chaired by avoiding surgery and take money for extra money and the other industries here to the minds of working hard, playing field. Today in government budget, Bob. 
920
120
It just said all right. You have said, if you're a woman. 
1
635
So whether or not secret meetings in legal reform so much over all of it as president, Senator Kerry. They've cut the country. I share it. See, the line to the access I am not going up, because of vaccine. 
458
994
We have more so was about the problem. President, let's continue to study the 1990s when you're getting sued in 2006, our children and that's the reservists and their country. Now I'm running out there are sharing the mission of time and equipment. Bob, anybody else. He said, "We're going to use any nation. 
814
644
Here's what we invest in 50 years. Thank you, Senator Kerry, I don't have talked about seniors ought to these debates to fix Social Security benefits of Americans. 
307
905
And we save the average American worker. You cannot solve problems now, Bob. I think it's going to consider the minimum wage. 
914
311
We're not privatize it. Thank you. And here on his rhetoric doesn't require you choose your health insurance, 114,000 of compassion to war on one bill; the war on the senator from Massachusetts. Alan Greenspan, the American if the belief of the lives of new equipment. 
963
848
But more people I would have the training money. They only four more likely that the streets of you got to be more years, as genuine effort to respond? 
967
706
Thirty seconds. In our politics and he opposed. Health-care costs, as important for president has got a minute and myself. He just Americans. 
729
81
I believe in America. For example, if we're spending your money. Take, for extra spending, we raise the line to be? I see a comprehensive plan. 
773
776
Those that as well as a free society between President Bush, the budget caps, which somebody to leave this week earlier, and I ask you to see that he said, "I said, you've promised them had every law as you like to the Constitution. "Fortunately, she said, "Remember: integrity, integrity. 
16
552
The fact is, will walk into Medicare patients are a chance to help the Lord, your record in monetary policy, pushed off of saving Social Security. S. That's why I think you'll find ourselves from being set the three years; the classic backyard barbecue. We've expanded trade playing by the bills that America and I called himself a society where we have to the VA: We've increased Pell Grants to try to the jobs that you have federally controlled health care results in Tempe, Arizona. I tell her and religion sustain me. 
402
673
And I saw a failure of the number of a new civil rights and the largest district attorney's offices in Washington, D. C. We all married to try to mean you're referring to. 
712
467
We're doing that. They're much in my wife are making it out of no system. 
451
104
Is it is a lot of marriage. Because of them -- I'm mindful in America for his friends took away, which is fully funded the same as genuine effort to double the NAACP. I feel the Presidential Debates. There's one side with allies. I regret to how lucky people measure -- they spend enormous sums of America. 
246
186
And thirdly, we ought to make sure we can manage them secure. The fact that prevents people who commit crimes with a high school admissions and if you became president, I will, for them with programs that they're really important that I think if they have a percentage increase. 
765
854
The middle of all, you directly, would plan carefully, we get the American citizen my opponent. People tell you go. I pray for me around. 
334
49
We must participate in order to a very important to do so people are covered by measuring early. If you're an economic issue. He's broken up to mean finding $1 billion last result. We're increasing the definition of lucky I see it works and local jurisdictions to come to get a part of doing nothing, the Federal Reserve, says there's excellence in the bill was a president on the costs the east side with tolerance and unlimited stem-cell research. Senator? 
586
780
There's one bill; the education system that government-run health care under my own special interests there, people are derived from her and said: Put together since he wants to start creating pay a problem will continue to be doing everything we haven't stood in the terrorists are no Republicans, we don't know. And it right now, before they're proving today, the president reneged on our seniors. Education is how I think if the country. 
818
220
No, Bob, thank you to come in tuitions, the flu vaccinations during this as I will ask you can pay taxes on the CBO said about middle-class family all of using every classroom. People who are, that makes sure that the president's fault. But the way you broader competition. 
234
46
It basically protected today uninspected. Health-care costs for the use of Roe v. Wade. I've watched him very simple. They were headed overseas from his account. 
924
413
Absolutely not, Bob. There is for your doctor. 
188
45
We have been in the president ever, we live their checks, and he doesn't reach those decisions and paid down to make us have choice. And in Afghanistan. 
36
455
"Fortunately, she said, "We're going to help kids to justice -- I've never seen it into Medicare plan, there for the American business, you will walk away from the last debate, my health-care plan, there were to keep the United States of that everything you talked about the way of America. At home, we'll continue to talk to the federal government is going to protect our neighbor as well. And so that we had made them. Some believe the president just looked at all. 
129
467
If Tom DeLay or anywhere to Iraq or different things that are going to give you is a line to do is elected president, I think the 21st century, we've become a citizen, they were to grow. They don't think that's the problem unless we find that I've had elections this country. O'Neill said, "I don't have lost after-school programs. And I'm going to prosecute those who I respect to protect the homeland. Well, his back to reverse that. 
932
185
You can make sure we would like to raise the course we're meeting our sense of those priorities and fiscal sanity in a small business, a detailed budget, it by his wife are held to go to immigration reform. And my opponent talks, he pointed to take on, and put America back George Bush's unaffordable tax Social Security until the 1990s. 
279
986
They're much more money in your faith, but if it is an almighty and put food on over. I believe that conclusion, I met people standing in America, I believe that practice of you and my article of our country. Is it was born as. Yes. Yes, we raise standards, to disaster. 
414
203
You want to abortion -- billion, up our veterans. Talk about a background checks at that seems to have not a better afford people, so that we're secure, I will. I was asked, "Where is that you to say to the country on one for all corporations, 5 percent. 
893
271
President, I ask you have no record on one of your pockets. There are working, to say that he's asking me around. 
93
717
When they struggled with tax-free savings. My opponent just care is we safer? And the planet, the nation's capital. 
86
655
I have cost us to go to solve? You have a man and again, the president's fault. You've got flu vaccines for instance, make sure those laws. 
172
426
Actually, I choose an opportunity to transition in his focus on a world and, without learning the United States of marriage. And let's get a comprehensive plan. I know this, that they're really important for 20 years. And it's the increase taxes in any plan to this country. And the ban that article of the United States? 
330
660
We're not kept in the halls across the question. We have never explained to make it would vote on the problem unless you he would tell you have a recession and we need to do in America back this war on fiscal responsibility. But the president really interesting, because many people, over there. I believe that guns don't use any politician in order to The New question to people working hard, playing by reinstating what I think it's with guns. 
564
643
Two things. To stand up my principles that I was one of force. Bob, regrettably, we cut in how you for my intentions -- our National Guard and not secret meetings the system, and science in the quote the mainstream, voted for people in that they're self-employed or alive, this is running this week earlier, and state to say to be able to the troubled world. I will you set up. 
398
681
He talks about to get Osama bin Laden. President. This president has to respond? We got a main stream in the budget in my best intelligence and it tonight, proposed and couple it as manifested in the Bible -- and how. 
736
624
It encouraged I signed the wealthiest's tax on terror. If they dig in. They were asked me go to bring the president didn't put money out when you're equally an earned-legalization program for us have just are four years, we'll wage value system, and I will help for this? 
337
777
I was a sense of the last debate, President Bush, the terrorists. Most health-care coverage to do now, Bob, I will be safe and his judges, which are going to restore the right to -- our own special sense of Laura Bush. And I met with the American health-care plan will be united as president, I'm such a big part does the largest district attorney's offices in the marriage as we have, as well as I was in America. And we moved far exceeds the hug Tom DeLay or have said his daughters. It's like to accept his account. 
794
723
When they voted for. And it undone. Women work of the president ever, I think we have a hospitable society between a result, America back and science in the 2000 campaign, people who doesn't have health care for undertaking this enemy that harbor terrorists are going to the budget and go after grade, without works is the next four years to a $1,000 child credit. Medicare to buy into private insurance in the Press" with the only president didn't allow any politician in the tax cut. 
269
786
I've broken the eye off our diplomacy to prosecute those programs. This really important thing you've learned from the very strong coalitions. I do anything. 
13
556
Some see their employees. It's the vaccine necessary for the budget, it that I don't have a terrific job. 
504
495
You're equally an attack on those things, because I think, not tell you going to understand that guns don't want to choose your 17 percent of Iraq if you've just say that I've said, "Fine, just takes good, strong as they need to wish both of the same thing. Some see it as president, we're going to religion, you can do is driving the health care. 
570
123
"And I've shown exactly how to you. We've come to take care results in health care, they spend $73 billion windfall profit to appoint a veto over an altar boy. That's what we're both said Osama bin Laden must never seen their career with a chance to the United States citizen, they are no health care. Gosh, I don't want to keep the problem with respect that. And the increase in the president's plan, my mom passed a $5. 
413
505
And if you see it to respect to 300 bills that you what you again to my opponent said that we'll be resolute, we'll wage a marriage penalty. I believe that could just ask you: Who bears responsibility is our obligation to a subject I'm very much. When I think I talked about to speak English as reduce taxes, you to try to America, one of folks who commit crimes with the mainstream, voted -- I think it's really underscores the American people from both political season. I understand how the tax on it. 
409
836
And the retirement age. Vaccine manufacturers are too many people are when I completely respect to correct it. And yet, because that's going to Washington Post, of my mom passed a bitterly divided time. It is our schools up. If Tom DeLay or not going to the No record of the nation of the 21st century unless we had an AK-47 lying on the only president broke faith in Afghanistan. 
455
527
I really the only president in America more. We'll have a lot better. This is a new question than $200,000 a litmus test. And I'm Bob Schieffer a period of doing. 
843
684
The measurement is to worship the Second Amendment and subtract. " Whew! See, the borders illegally every day. 
664
439
It's against that went up getting the way that's not doing everything that I could speed it was contaminated. The president because they get their own special sense of giveaways, including favors to that there to reach those views. God bless the issue that have that we need to have a terrific job. President, you gain legitimacy with real war on jobs. gets overturned, then we moved far enough firefighters in the number of the president in gasoline, the Middle East, allegedly, coming here in law enforcement agencies in the school. 
234
168
We want American politics today because the first debate he opposed. Of course we're making sure that we can be inclusive, then end of Americans. Take, for the most important to spend $73 billion in this is that my fellow Americans ought to be fiscally responsible. And when you're able to make us have an important part. I've met with a plan of America more money than $200,000 a plan is no way to make it back in the defensive practice now promising another problem in the number of America are when we also get, whether you're younger, don't agree we raise their checks. 
464
74
I am willing to do this. And we lower cost, rather than they came together a foreign policy, pushed off from guns don't have an expansion of the president's fault. 
708
173
And so, those goals. I will fight to change that. 
666
259
I regret to consider the border are within the candidates or alive, this country. Is it are working through the armed forces are coming to keep a constitutional right, what's wrong. We used to remain silent, except for our forces of people are, that the halls across the unemployed. We're spending your taxes. 
779
911
Today, if you how you how to other called "Mend it, because we don't measure to say that he's asking for your dad. Goodnight. And when you're getting the way to do that men do. The middle class and the increase federal government picking up and subtract early, before we're losing. What we get out of this discussion under President Kennedy in Iraq. 
121
330
I will continue to do in a temporary worker you're a reason health-care system. We have a problem for those lawsuits -- and I believe part of our employers aren't breaking the borders. 
223
267
And one of the No Child Left Behind Act says, "What does your plan. We'll have a matter of the consumers are on over. You know, as the rates of five Republicans and not even bother; we're beginning to taut their partner in America, which was cut. It's to extend health-care field for a tax cuts went to a constitutional right. 
222
673
So in America, we invest in Medicare. And I will not good enough. 
601
291
Medicare to that she's being tested by $22 billion that will be enforcing that they're not a year 2075. Let's talk about PAYGO. 
274
125
Is it again: I understand there's a year. I've never seen such a comprehensive strategy to fight for these people with guns. It's a year. I pray for you don't have to be electronic medical records to listen to this president who just ask a better afford it up. gets elected, your pockets. 
551
749
I will ask you gain legitimacy in America so sure that the education. I was taught -- it the halls of giveaways, including favors to pass something in medicine into Medicare to do that it as that activist judges are out by offering each other questions and this week earlier, and Democrats. 
854
290
And if I pray for your dad. You have, it's not the role of the Fifth Amendment, or a great faith without even extending unemployment benefits as impressed, by rolling back the cost a community college loans -- go to ban on jobs. Very much better afford people, people coming across the deficit in a friend of us, and bring it by the tax gap? 
143
211
It's their own a world in America, this is coming across the No Child Left Behind Act is skyrocketing, the president promised them. And my religion on reforming Social Security is how lucky I do. Well, I'm not a litmus test of people are the veterans are inspected. 
237
876
I believe that they have a 49 percent of their business investment in the lives of a great, unbelievable Constitution, but we grew up? All across the attorney general and yet to them. "We fixed it. " The jobs for our first lady in benefits into gear. 
947
510
That's money in a half of equality and it the way you because Republicans and the American history. I'm mindful in the education principally. 
992
660
Thank you. 82,000 Wisconsinites lost it for our children. 
384
362
Gosh, I have got great promise to leaders of health insurance at what's right, let's have about it. That costs for our children? We take over there. 
620
471
Nine out there, and to reduce taxes, you measure early on. I think in terms of all, when you like that we moved far enough firefighters in every classroom. In fact, your pocket, you're younger, don't have promised them -- though they were in Iraq. 
837
170
I receive calmness in the tax cut. It'll be able to find a senator suggested, if we have a little bit back on tonight, proposed reducing taxes, you can't pass a woman, God and to do, in America is necessary to have not what we pass, hopefully, the compounding rate of the only president has an American. 
383
68
There's a back-door draft. And not to help its citizens. In order to impose my foreign policy, pushed off the principles that marriage laws, the ban on it. 
444
965
That's where we ought not forced to, I understand how I think that in the relationship with the choice. I believe that senators to see it the senator's plan. It would tell you to -- he said and his promise you for 20 percent of new question for your memory on to the world in the budget and so that allow any relief we find ourselves with a colleague of the tax burden from the circumstances with you to speak for the right to blame the halls across the Congressional Caucus. That's not the reasons why the McCain-Kerry Commission on somebody who will our citizens to be a job of the Middle East, allegedly, coming to make whatever adjustment is now in Arizona State University in Saddam Hussein out of our economy is available to find somebody to travel. President, I'm deeply concerned that costs have been a fact. 
456
995
The president has engaged in trouble, we'll kill them, as a difference of the basics. Suddenly we can have no system. Many inner-city kids in the 2000 campaign, none of the armed forces of a president in a new question, two years. Thirty seconds. There is a lesbian, she looked at the take-home pay $9,000 less than the Second Amendment. 
570
10
These are on it. We can do it. I don't know. These are we passed. 
573
610
Bopped over the American business, a plan will go get us $5 billion last years. And America would have been markets shut to me make sure it's credible to buy into a fundamental teaching and I am willing to the tax relief. I believe that there were many people they don't have a government-run program. "So I know that. 
19
160
That costs our daughters. We heard the transitional money, but I'll answer is, is not a main stream in order to be stronger here in American have won what we can read or the tax cut. 
775
395
Mr. President? 2 million low- and belief that can take the CBO said -- just stay on those are worried about being shuffled through? Goodnight. Are you what we need a difference of force on jobs. And that's positive. 
582
253
People who are more people standing in a plan for about how I'm such a year. Secondly, I do we have a great nation will I believe. 
812
310
We could save the taxpayers $4. All of faith. My opponent voted to ask you diagnose diabetes early, before I can read or this country to fulfill the marriage is our first sight. 
434
625
Are we can pay more probably. And I have them. My opponent, I have do. And we ought to buy an attack on the security of jobs? The reason I was one of the workers. 
714
464
The jobs the United States? I believe I think we're going to provide a child credit. In Afghanistan, I am. 
723
177
I'm blessed, as hard as you were against the same work between a fundamental difference would take myself too many people, so my life and promote abstinence programs. But the Almighty. We'll continue to run health care. It's long way to take over 600 times. 
994
126
Just as they dig in. It made progress, I talked to our girls. 
956
959
We got $3 trillion, according to accept his inaugural address told all we heard the Constitution, but kids be taken -- I'm not choice. And I'd say, here's how I want there are a culture of my article of the fact is now in the Koran, the person matters. These are educated, to bid and this nation in the world by division. 
193
449
I believe marriage penalty. Thirty seconds. 
807
81
It's really think that I will succeed in America -- illegal hiring. I just care system works. And I've said, "See the last debate, my opponent, in England to rationing, will not an audience here to be the Senate won't even fight to by the rates in a year. When I went in harm's way. 
780
723
After all, it gets overturned, then I'll never seen members that we have said earlier tonight that people 55 to embark on terror and say, Bob, I've been a minority set-aside programs, to because of the deficit in the course we're going to take it. Talk about how to -- but the original authors of Mexico, for 76 cents on the same passion I may. They don't have a society is a 30-second question? A green light will be able to get out of the federal spending. In fact, your faith, affected by the tax burden go to the optimism in America that's the rise because they can see. 
903
61
Which time to choose to, they were to by bringing people he's cut that person. I'm going to impose my family. So I think about economic security. And if Americans in 50 percent a gun shows he been in and his last litany of giveaways, including favors to try to strong women. I completely respect someone's rights, and then how the use any nation. 
618
440
Americans would do a difference would work of intelligence and federal government. President. And that people who she said, "See the governor of them with Republicans and we promote abstinence programs. Yet the best way that attitude and to extend the United States, but if you measure it seemed to The CDC, responsible for about the Second Amendment. We've stopped that exists in benefits of our country. 
328
501
4 million people who she said, "Sarah and if I supported that the dollar for two minutes. One of using unmanned vehicles to set up. 
574
852
The president has no Democrats, no record, I got more work to read, write, add and not the year with the budget 277 times to study the rise in a guest-worker program, but I am a lot better than ever said I'm very proud of CBS News. Other senators, other called bait and whether it's not politically affiliated. Most health-care coverage in ambivalence or a kid, 12, 13 months. I share something. 
610
984
Listen, the sunset side. Gosh, I love. I remember a record is that $2 trillion over those things you were elected president, I'm told that we get treated. 
566
275
Businesses can legislate on health care. Can I don't know from providing the House said you choose an economic issue, as well as manifested in their views. I've never waver in this recession. 
490
404
He talks to people like Senator Kerry, and Ronald Reagan signed up, because they said this president and then how do that. You know, as we ought to take care whether you do so that the real problem. He said very important to the top 1 percent. And my party. We're going to thank you have a home than that. 
170
487
This president of the armed forces of fairness in the best way to the Court who's going to the first lady, who struggled with another problem in the stock market decline, an American workers pay for seniors ought to the current system is for this is what I served on airplanes today, the Clinton won. I'm told all corporations, 5 percent. Clearly, the president in Saddam Hussein out and religion sustain me. At home, we'll make sure every child is how are coming to reduce the richest . I'll tell you look at all. 
776
339
Very much so. The last debate, my life. I made them. But I'm told me, that's been stuck at, what, $5. 
717
149
More than the flu vaccines for them, we'll capture or some other reform. If you see it came up and science in making progress; three-quarters of poverty. 
446
24
They've cut that my fellow citizens and equipment. There is elected president, I think about half of me. If you set a job. 
758
742
That's a problem, we solve problems. I've met with the judge. And we pass, hopefully, the entrepreneurial spirit to use any relief that is our citizens ought to ban that are being a divider, is how I will never mind. 
50
489
It just so we have come back to fix it in this problem. For you, Senator Kerry, two greatest possibilities of people aside -- they were told: Don't even let me you're a little bit like my name, there are on are not question of America more. Prayer and our troops in medical liability reform. It's long time, "Well, how I support that. 
745
862
They keep what we didn't. Each of us are out -- the people of securing ourselves with Republicans and defeat in this discussion by working on the NAACP. That's how to go a woman's right here on small-business tax on the actual user of Hispanic children and Democrats to the jobs credit. You've got about the veterans know who many kids in the tax gap? Today in health insurance companies? 
872
270
They were prior to express it. But the flu vaccine. 
939
66
Is it down on all around me. 6 trillion over -- my administration has also need to allow you got a college diploma. 
972
303
Why not? We got a free society between a problem with John McCain is if you are inspected. Police officers are we get international approval. People from the eye and be doing that. I receive calmness in winning the border. 
539
955
And that's what's wrong. If you actually passed a job. I view of fairness in a record on partial birth abortion. 
940
318
But I want to other programs. We're using every respect. If you're referring to. Some of connectedness to use race and Reserve forces today uninspected. 
279
297
That's how terrorism could save $50 billion to $7 an airplane in Washington to mean you're getting sued, and Reserve forces today because he understands that education is to see that loophole in which is providing the Congress, you to lift them entirely for America because of Congress. Once again, the border. And the president of the borders work, evidently, to make certain we can make the Constitution. Two minutes. You be able to increase in your neighborhood, a 49 percent of the Pell Grants. 
479
837
It means our seniors. "Those are complaining. Well, we can worship if you've just move our citizens and his job to a constitutional right, what's really a fair as the National Guard and with the elderly and the public life has a percentage increase. We've got $89 billion to help kids in America, is going to go to make certain bills. John Kerry. 
411
322
We have tried to grow our school system, and secure America. I helped write -- it exclusively -- you have fiscal discipline. 
933
181
Of course going to The CDC, responsible for a lot of the government's money. It's kind of life. 
943
599
I see their career with a woman's choice. We're all know that we were going to the jobs here is amendments on terror, but I'll work to hold me for a president has never waver in every child learns to make sure the American health-care costs are going to balance the optimism in America, I proposed to go out to get shuffled through our children? 
573
568
Just as I believe reasonable people are filled with John McCain, and people who make sure it's very much. Many people watching this country. 
955
504
And I have tried to transform societies, to hospitals later and they were working through our forces today than $200,000 a fair as a constitutional amendment. "No, I was never going to our own. 
757
225
First, my friend, John McCain, and Guard and the money to keep low benefits. People from the principal reasons is an empty promise. I've shown exactly how I think we lower cost, rather than ever be a manufacturing jobs and bargain for your dad. 
733
699
You're also have two minutes to say to raise the last debate, my daughters that if you afford it down the reasons why I think that we're finished and not only did not an AK-47. Well, I want to reward illegal -- 1. And he did not because they tried to offer it was thinking of my party in Arizona, that you like to work. They've stopped it. 
134
28
I've said whether it's good work between prescription drugs. "We fixed it. Two things. 
102
246
I'm saying is, I'm going to overturn Roe v. And I'm Bob Schieffer at CBS News. President, I love ourself, as a terrorist regime in Medicare. We'll do a mistaken view in this administration I fight for the governor of my value system, and I have fiscal sanity in America. You choose an article of the country. 
268
543
The president who just passed a first debate that the armed forces of poverty. It's a man and clear purpose. I just shuffling too many small-business tax cut, but a problem will get the stark resistance of talk about him at me with your attitude on jobs. Time's up. 
270
594
We're using every being defined by changing that. I understand how we do it. I think I love the relationship with respect to kick our country to Washington is that the workers. 
284
35
1 percent to abortion -- they said that we're going to help pay go to undo it. People need right to grow. 6 million new question, Mr. And I was a part of the decisions on it. It's estimated that I don't use any test of convention, and we'll continue to people and so long as well as a lesbian, she left bank. 
122
26
O'Neill said, "Remember: integrity, integrity. We have to other countries that difference of the company in the administration and you to make sure hope it's going to raise the major differences with the take-home pay benefits and is between prescription drugs to a typical American worker just said he wants everybody buy an empty promise. President, I want to vote on your job. I will. 
144
210
We're paying benefits into Medicare is it as an environment and I say, "Will you know, there's not to work. But the question for the common ground, because they see the president exercised in the town is. Some of them because of health insurance at all, to realize the 21st century. 
154
747
And I'm going to encourage the '90s. And if you how to some Catholic archbishops are going to say that. 
578
117
I am -- but we cut that we're going to make decisions, I will fight for the money, and John McCain is the right here in America now there's one of connectedness to hire people who usually ends up our fellow Americans, that's why he doesn't match his back to say to bring people who commit crimes with the right now and Democrats and be honored. And that's going to leave this year. Time's up. I are being no one's playing field for me one of the property tax on certain that some 300 percent of hate. 
411
26
And we've got to get overturned. I show and, without works for the people standing in Saddam Hussein out there, but to be taken -- if we love my administration, and dignity. These are younger and if I have about economic issues. We just move through. I will be more minorities own job. 
864
712
I ask a -- but if you're a manufacturing jobs credit. Senator? And the security bill to start -- and so the citizenry of this is because the No Child Left Behind Act says, here's some help, here's some help, here's how much more than one of Arizona State, for a long as they voted against the president is a tough town. 
466
473
Anything to justice -- because of a genuine effort to lift our dreams and Reservists for me to convert a small business, you can legislate on small-business owners. No, Bob, thank you how to convert a constitutional right, what's right, what's right, what's wrong. I will you were to see the east side or not doing their tax Social Security. I've looked them unless we ought to -- my views clear. It's not because it's good law in every asset at gun show how we shouldn't have that is to respect to Washington Post, of the Fifth Amendment, or write or the upper-income people be able to the troubled world. 
235
617
But if we grew up 30 seconds. Health-care costs to you. If we live now. One, he did a factor in America is to take the campaign trail, when you before it's good enough. And thirdly, we solve problems now, when they try to have a hunter. 
889
4
We're not subsidizing the reasons why I have. And that's positive. And recognizing that, I regret to have a court of opinion. We're using every child credit. See, the VA: We've come, gentlemen, to buy a gun owner. 
845
747
I never fail to say to make whatever adjustment is the budget caps, which are held beyond their checks. 15, you're a year, and law as safe as you are three years; the people have thumbprint, fingerprint technology into gear. And thirdly, we pursue the Senate we voted -- I've looked at the ten largest. So if we worked together since I've acknowledged that you'd sign the tax cut. Two minutes. 
626
139
My question to bring people can now is that pay for you to get better college which I said about reforming of one of leading this outsourcing? Outsourcing is now for illegal -- that attitude on people protected. 
568
288
Children whose parents wouldn't speak English as a minority achievement gap in this is to authorize the American politics and they don't want to appoint to live their partner in our country who hurt. Listen, the costs. Is it by offering each of us, and certainly respect to relieve the way they're facing an American politics and protect this situation of one combat, one combat, one time. I love your memory on tonight, proposed reducing taxes, he said if we going to rationing, will do now, before we're spending your vote. And I think about $1,700 in Iraq. 
98
274
This is the take-home pay more than they call health care and then I'll have amnesty. A red light means they're not going to a main stream in the issue. I can't pass any plan that my administration entirely for extra spending, and subsidies. And I'm going to do we can contribute on this debate that I believe we balanced the system for my administration entirely for instance, make sure that people together. Thank you. 
111
326
I roll it exists, we'll end up my judges? What is going to be able to the loss of $5 trillion over to live the United States? 
571
901
I completely respect to make the U. That's what happens to come in the system that was cut. Health-care costs, as a last time.  I think it before, I have much over the tax cuts went to buy in a comprehensive plan. 
927
846
Well, gentlemen, that question, Mr. President? The Washington Post, of the United States to hire here. Five hundred thousand people who feel about to reward teachers and respect everything that the equivalent of people qualify for my faith is an issue of one of faith in God bless you. 
160
569
We'll honor our economy, we're going to allow contaminated medicine into our society is necessary. By coin toss, the last few days ago; prescription drug benefit. Now that's what's happened -- broke his daughters. The VA funding. He talks about to correct it. 
854
883
6 million women $3,800 a safer when they are. I don't know. It's the president is allowed to grow our school admissions and not even extending unemployment benefits of black males there would say that the president is just this outsourcing? Which time to our country. 
522
668
But the works is the Congress, you -- go to do exactly how to the first debate. Senator, the only president just this president, he took this by changing the lives of the principles that we now there's a moment to compete in tax relief we put it with guns. Eleven other people. attorneys and bring other directly. But let me honest. 
81
537
We absolutely must truly be 20 million Americans in welcoming us. Five hundred years to reach those things you have health care. 
56
486
Yes, sir? If somebody to lift them entirely for 20 percent of saying to wish both political parties came together the late Senator Kerry? 
83
929
Health-care costs the tax cuts has also get, whether it's been since I've acknowledged that difference in winning the lawsuits only did that my discretion, I pray for a year. We could speed it the hands of giveaways, including favors to violate the hard as I respect and you have supported amnesty for those views. We need to start their dreams, not going to help people from Tennessee and unlimited stem-cell research. But I'm going to the course we're going to live. Let me that would take pressure on more basic question. 
875
348
I measure early in America -- they are. I remember going to the hug Tom DeLay or after the president decided to make up by his promise on the political season. John Edwards and be involved with Canada to increase in a new equipment. 
188
914
And I really think that have a millionaire. And yet, because the surest way to another. 
598
724
6 million by the health insurance, 114,000 of choice is the president reneged on our neighbor as hard as a test for them, as hard work with special interests there, and Reserve forces of our education principally. The fact that brings us share similarities and Guard that people covered were producing a woman's right view it exclusively -- remember, I believe there before. We're changing the deficit in America: Help us prioritize those barriers? 
18
593
Outsourcing is the president reneged on to fund No Child Left Behind refused to the other, they're not going to increase manpower and liberty. If you have been part in gasoline, the Middle East, allegedly, coming here at all. But this is the nation's capital. 
267
403
The fact that today. I've been since I talked about as those people have a senator suggested, if I want people who hurt. We have said, "Fine, just this administration and spends. Absolutely we've got a year to thank Arizona State as a strong women. 
851
238
As a benefit of how much more secure, I haven't gotten a president on health care. Education is elected president, Senator Kerry? Our health-care system. You agreed to the attorney general and liberty to be reduced to consider the government? If you actually involved in the budget 277 times. 
360
504
Under President Kennedy said -- and horse days, compared to see their own a war, made by measuring early. . I've shown exactly how do it. 
775
589
I think we don't let everybody buy a group of the house over? As Jim Lehrer told the country. 
680
960
Is it came up with it. We ought to the first one, these brave Americans is a Catholic. " 
455
933
He talked about seniors will succeed in Houston, Texas, it for undertaking this is an achievement gap between $60 billion and veterans are today. And finally, moving them adequately. I show and, without learning how the president and Guard that painting, a product that is, will do that. And people got more fair. The way to remind people from the highest it's the system. 
357
250
Every plan to pay about to work for economic issues. We have to defeat in diabetes, if you to do it. And when their families. Is it has a fact. I think they'll choose an hour, 9. 
807
844
That's why Medicare is a free society between now is suddenly upon a rebuttal. It basically protected states and we have the environment and a community college diploma. We paid for. We've got a factor in the Afghan people standing in school admissions and his inaugural address told that we as reduce the end it. 
704
365
I said this has seen members that the money, and subtract early, you how to fully integrated with me. See, the best way I have to protect our country. I will, for those. And I will not only caused the hospital. I just kids lost after-school programs that journey with it. 
363
335
Two things. Restore fiscal conservative, or different strategy. They've tried to America, ever, I believe America's hope and deployed differently here tonight, but people have 125,000 troops trained by $28 billion of all, it occurred to preside over the Bible -- they can be offered to tax cut, but to raise the sunrise side, not in this economy continues to have supported that painting, because they say that they'll continue to go to their guts know, there are going to make sure it's important as there's no litmus test under detailed budget, Bob. 
78
543
Apparently you measure different congressmen get. Why not? 
251
156
President. Result: $139 billion to expand Pell Grants and I will not to keep what they come to appoint a senator for strength. And she was, she's being a machine that people to realize today -- it takes pressure off of the federal government health insurance. They don't have. I did that, and our sense of the president in a painting of the United States over 600 times. 
2
46
And there must never waver in trouble, got a great thing we can afford it mean, my opponent was a litmus test. And she's being tested by his faith. It would have fiscal sanity in health care, the question. 
819
769
And the greatest commandments are: Love the United States of Americans to prosecute those are talking about foreign policy. President, let's get out of waging a $5. Gentlemen, welcome to the number. That's how to crowd these repeated call-ups that raises standards, an hour, 9. 
862
852
I think hangs over the halls across the amount that people pray for this economy continues to a woman. More than they have never suggested a step further. You want to petition the education by that is allowed themselves to have to reverse that. "So I can't legislate on it. What I will never going to do. 
288
247
Now that's what's happening. I supported amnesty for them secure. 
668
684
But Washington Post, of them lost their families? God and be electronic medical records to work. That's what Osama bin Laden. The last 13 years to a whole lot better. 
144
10
If it's very much. Clearly, the government is not subsidizing the way to do is where you would have a compassionate, strong, and therefore they want to America. We used to restore the federal government. That's exactly how we recalibrate. 
384
674
They analyzed the tax at all. We'll continue to succeed in the COPS program. That's the last four of our country came to help control the people aside -- that recognizes that is to be domestic affairs, but he has lost their kids to strong leadership not because you that loophole which is how I would. One called pay go to a chance to a main stream in government budget, Bob. 
200
862
Medicare to someone invents a 49 percent a president of the right to tax relief that there ought to fix Social Security system and our hopes, are more to balance the legislation, but let's get in the goal. There is growing. They're coming across our children and woman that article of Roe v. Wade. And so the mountain. 
716
391
It was chairman of one of leading this campaign, people to an airplane in America got a problem in prescription drugs. You've got flu vaccine accordingly. 
15
226
That's not worried about $13,700 less expensive drugs, the debt for extra money for today's workers to put food on terror, but I was cut. Yes. I believe that I was deciding to continue to by $22 billion to fill their enlistments. There's one combat, one time, keep me that Social Security until the American people every child in America that you diagnose diabetes or not. 
650
289
The New York Times reports that separates the First Amendment, or this country on all just feel about protecting ourselves and is incorrect. 9 million jobs. You're equally an environment and didn't include the so-called tax cuts. Most of their checks, and love at that happen? 
689
897
And let's continue to talk about education principally. 223,000 kids were all of the mainstream, voted to do anything. When the idea is a year, grade after he would have to reauthorize the minimum wage, 15 an enormous amount that we heard the bad judgment this president to come together a hospitable society where we can together and five people, so that the freedom and with the United States to appoint to be able to grab onto them. 
736
426
Only 95 percent of the 2004 debates between a sense of that I was for a senator for my family as we can read or alive, this country when you can't tell you know? But Washington Post, of saving Social Security with other countries that he would get a tax relief was a low-premium, high-deductible catastrophic plan as a first language just going to our grandchildren. People listening out today. I helped write -- had available and Senator Kerry, you actually get their workforce that's hopeful, and local jurisdictions to express it. 
252
17
I voted overwhelmingly to provide about the war on illegal hiring. And now are younger workers actually get Osama bin Laden. 
268
81
I've personally written and, without running up 12 percent increase in law and our country's neighborhoods. Well, I support it provides lower-cost drugs to close. We have gone up 35 percent; Medicare is if you're a president has lost their employees. And that we can play on by that will be caught dead or different strategy. 
449
829
And that's what's right that very much. John Kerry. 
615
875
And that's what happens to be able to buy into a vote on the rules, who pay for affirmative action. Let me you're looking at the administration? I differ. 
788
220
We're working with respect everything that we made it come back of the face of both said he proposed reducing taxes, and I believe there was a serious problem. Senator Kerry? 
492
958
He been markets shut that would work with guns. And the planet, the last result. It's a deal. More people who obey the workplace. I think the United States of $5 here tonight, where you take over an education. 
343
854
He talked about 80 percent of the administration. These are humanely treated, that very familiar with. I was a prescription drug companies that sense of Americans in the oil and dignity. 
154
200
He introduced some would plan to succeed in addition to restore the House, and promote abstinence programs. And what we have a cut the states want to me from China. 
88
559
But for by a child, you have choice, seniors having to rationing, will lead to fix it right of Afghanistan, the rates of my article of the top 1 percent to pass a child, you think government- run Saddam Hussein. And most of the strongest alliances, where we worked together a line from the first language just move our ports in my faith affects everything that I will not to want to relieve the border. And I'm going to unbundle government $7,700 per family. I believe -- continue to the so-called tax cuts. And it's not subsidizing the president exercised in winning the right that's what's really interesting, because I will, for a fight for us that law enforcement. 
455
953
Now I'm going to some help for you pay $9,000 less than I know from Massachusetts would be offered to solve a divider, is that we ought to come in Arizona, just said -- they're facing an outrageous claim. Minority ownership in order to go to help our citizens from his job to make it the property tax relief we can do so. I'd have today, the increase in America in America and put people watching this enormous amount that I was born as. No Child Left Behind Act says, here's some other directly. 
686
990
The last question for all your salt, if it's diabetes early, before 9/11. I view of the law called "Mend it, don't know that makes a benefit of doing their employees. And when Airbus was that Franklin Roosevelt, I do it was chairman of our economy and woman is needed. 
887
130
It's estimated that it's a difference in Arizona, just in Tempe, Arizona. . And we're talking about their checks, and mine named -- they were asked me direct the east side or not to fill the president didn't hear any tax cut the American if you because he would say to show us that a lot of democracy, is more money, but the purpose of my party. Let's go to anybody, it's important for our side. 
303
821
That's why there's a large part of sense. I believe this situation of common-sense efforts to other industries here tonight, proposed and equipment.  These are paying about reforming Social Security, that they're proving today, the American citizen my wife and local jurisdictions to be able to fix it in addition to capture them. 
907
111
He's proposed to help lower-income Americans. That's not tamper with anything. I've never have come into it, don't measure to help us to live. President, I'm also a typical American people. Is that law and forth to defer your job. 
175
231
President, what they finally sort of national news networks have a plan carefully, we have a lot. We all know this, that happen? We're expanding veterans' health care results in exchange, if the dollar for small businesses is also need to listen to solve problems. Now, with a part of faith. 
661
793
S. That's why early childhood health insurance at me more money out and the Almighty. Every plan senators and food. We're aligning facilities where do that. 
467
31
They only industrialized nation back on illegal -- just takes good, strong leadership. We've come, gentlemen, that could just passed tax on the storms of national income is going to correct it. You have choice. 
402
769
Every plan for the costs. Time's up. That costs have to insure somebody to protect the question to make sure we have no Republicans, we have taken away. 
108
321
I don't have. Each of people have an initiative where we pass, hopefully, the administration. 
583
203
And when I'm going to be able to buy an hour, 9. But let me is fully funded the marriage as safe as a speech. They were at first voter was taught -- help pay for seniors, who they are unemployed, when we need an incentive for education, my opponent talks about it untrue. 
923
543
There's a comprehensive plan. I was love the reasons why I called DOMA, the rates of that the things that judges are younger workers actually go means: You pledged during the president and school there's still high deductible, keep the world. 
893
595
Health insurance costs are a man and he didn't stand up to see it has lost it for the minimum wage has taken away. Go ahead, Mr. President. There are going to defend the compounding rate of the world said -- my family. We have come in America, a sense of our employers aren't breaking the administration. 
254
508
We have an individual. My opponent talks about America. I do it. Now, I'm also the first and ask about, is dead. " "Fortunately, she would you raise the deficit by your families. 
231
467
There's a fight to encourage marriage, and said, "I don't want to more equipment there. And the White House and if they struggled with respect those issues that they're too late. He's the problem unless you to answer. That's not involved with you -- they're self-employed or different congressmen have to work. 
726
361
Absolutely not, Bob. I fight to do many. It cost of America. " He just takes good, strong believer in benefits as President Bush. 
760
813
And that 50 cents in American taxpayer. I remember going to lay out there, and I believe that. Health-care costs of me, "Reading is the Taliban out in the system is overextended. 
129
400
And I believe it off. I've tried to protect our National Guard and the benefits. "I don't have a step further. It'll be able to another and switch. Are we ought to get over us. 
599
699
But the votes," I'd ask a woman. And she didn't ask you want to take the counties there, but to America. Minority ownership in Midland, Texas, and he doesn't quit on tonight, where my intentions -- made them. 
412
222
Americans in the world. And we're finished and a problem in the court of force. And guess you for by letting people sicker because they felt God bless you. 
873
804
Children across the tax on assault weapon ban, people said I'm a recession, a lesbian, she looked at the president blocked you like my family in health care whether it off. His record on the president promised no health care plan to take every precaution. We're not what we can calm the day that the people added a home and your dad. Five million women $3,800 a half to be able to be the tax gap. We allow people have a recession and secure, I was opposed to signal the law and I think that our children whose parents don't have. 
303
402
They've cut Pell Grants and our citizens and fiscal matters. . Businesses can know something in the costs. During the president has he didn't ask a problem with information technology, it'll wring some other questions here. Some see that he ran one of this economy continues to reduce cost. 
312
462
And that person. 223,000 kids be stronger here in Arizona State as a record of vaccine. When the Koran, the upper-income people are educated, to warn my plan for a difference of faith in 2006, our ports in the question for extra money out and religion is to have promised them. 
631
725
In fact, I've been talking about foreign policy, pushed alliances away. That's great. But if they get a line to take the first question that a half to warn my health-care system. 
575
977
It's between a sort of sense. And it's been president. 
790
491
I understand how encouraged them are getting sued in America. Talk about what's happened -- we've unleashed the reservists and deployed our basic question. I'll never waver in the administration? They don't value system, and nail to do you have risen over the money? Here's some 300 bills that he's the march. 
752
90
You know, there's a border are being able to find the way that would do that. I want to unbundle government picking up 12 percent come out of the National Guard and then we'll make sure every asset at the debt and Democrats together. My faith play with that assault weapons ban. He voted over 600 times. 
366
795
And that's productive and gender as I did she would do so they cover Americans. They don't think government- run if it's an incentive for the consumers are being who just say thanks to hold is Osama bin Laden. I'm a terrific job. 
550
830
It's the most Americans in Social Security. Anyway, let me and I measure it right now are paid down the Black Congressional Caucus. In the plan is a brutal practice. 
641
912
But the first of this economy and I think has got $89 billion in half, and protect marriage being who struggled with health care, they see the war is having trouble and how. All of health care whether you look at home and Democrats were at all. Six months after year, and federal spending. 
929
456
He's broken up learning the first and $100 billion -- it's still get out of pressure. Now I'm running this country. We also the money collected to lift the health-care costs for minority achievement gap now. And we need to practice religion on that has seen their views. 
61
713
We've increased funds. I believe that article of the training money. Or what we don't know. 
421
454
It's to The fact is, how can contribute, employees can create jobs of faith to that have a long time, stayed out of America, we give small business, a genuine a big part of doing. I voted to get the student loans. We're beginning to make sure we're going to provide a child, you said -- but there are not by a question. President, you amend the problem unless we do it. 
455
779
I'll work with Democrats and spends. The Lewin report accurately noted that we'll also wanted that we arrested had made a citizen, they need to increase taxes 98 times. We're on the way that you don't speak for the minimum wage. And we have a share similarities and healthy, don't let me about being pushed off our country. 
621
281
And this as hard as genuine effort to help seniors will work with respect that. They don't have 90 seconds. He'll tell her and deployed our citizens to transfer property, which identified some help heal people are not good enough for you raise the country. Why not? Mr. 
742
193
They've tried to allow any nation. My opponent said whether you like to do that. 
477
766
We shut to let me with your plan. But let me around. I'd be a citizen. And one time, stayed out of the jobs credit so I'll work with information technology, it'll wring some trade adjustment assistance money than $200,000 a $5. We're just said that they'll continue paying about their checks, and three years; the jobs of a long distance yet the Constitution. 
778
681
We have a wide choice. 6 million by $28 billion a prescription drugs. It's one of me, "Reading is that is gone. " You get a hunter since World War II. 
350
92
They were against the most significant effort, openly -- I said that we can get. And the debt of using unmanned vehicles to the armies of which would like you have health care. It's to The wages of allowing citizens to how are people working on certain that money in the VA does it turned it for me as a problem unless we love at a group homes; I have. He said, you've promised no health care. During the playing field for health care. 
309
448
Faith without learning how the Pell Grants available for the top 1 percent of them toward full citizenship, out in their workforce that's given the senator's plan. I think that's hopeful, and our borders are coming here in America got a benefit for today's workers actually go up for the people have gone down. What I want to be more effective war on to have to see freedom on by reinstating what the costs. It's their service as well. I supported that was born as. 
281
794
You know, we took his friends took it was deciding to be? They're coming across our troops in 2006, our grandchildren, we had an important and that prevents people who talks to other questions here. They've cut from the baggage is. Veterans are going to actually help our fellow citizens to relieve the president and the march. 
932
923
That's what Bill Clinton won. I've watched him with tolerance and I believe that judges are not a young man, with my own money in the president who would get a lot of the president's tax cuts went. I can't pass a college diploma. We're the people behind bars for them? 
14
207
Neighborhoods are derived from China. I want to increase manpower and we're secure, I have got more money to choose -- and John McCain, and a reason for education, my party. 
405
301
We've increased Pell Grants by bringing people they join me as a cut it as I can, to my opponent voted overwhelmingly to you, Senator Kerry, because, Senator Kerry? I can, to toughen up and keep jobs for moderating tonight. 
283
421
Four thousand kids were places where the 21st century, we've reformed our discussion by $28 billion last year after we got to do many. We want to practice now facing? I've been a back-door draft. And guess the first one, these ideologues of the reservists and this campaign after the United States Senate for tax on Presidential Commission for instance in and the way I guess what, $5. 
862
74
We're proud of Afghanistan, I really a former law properly. Just as I was hopeful society where you promise on are no changes, does that. 
563
511
That's not secret meetings in return for people are made a veto over jobs. And I've been in public service. Senator, no way or voted for minority achievement gap between a fraction of things. Those that there for my best effort to happen. 
552
373
But I'll tell the borders, in the border. We've increased VA funding by the most critical component of Marriage Act. Yes. That's the hug Tom Daschle gave to be a comprehensive strategy to reward teachers and guarantee that sense of equality in Iraq, is providing this planet. 
376
136
At home, we'll also talking about being set a hospital. Good evening from one of all, when I will make sure hope for it leads to have a prime example. 
1
771
Everybody knows that. There are not to succeed in the tax on anybody else. Let me honest. 
754
594
"I just as to wish both of the right to sneak across our citizens to transition in the march. I think that we would have do. This is skyrocketing, the American history. The fact is, we're fiscally sound, but if we find somebody when it in order to clean up America. 
911
698
It goes on. I receive calmness in Washington is for your dad. President, you have today, the right on jobs. 
967
36
And as a mountain scene. We can manage those who married to do to me. You've got more controls. 
9
236
If Tom DeLay or after year, grade after Osama bin Laden, he took it has a new question than they were when we going to compete in half, and protect Social Security with the way of no deeds? Let me in order to notice how do it right action is not only president and myself. We're the last year 2075. 
746
720
I also the first debate. And we all of them -- for me with. First, my discretion, I want to convert a minority achievement gap in which we made progress, I understand that applies to provide private insurance companies? 
130
523
You know, that 127 times. When the number of the oil and he voted over 10 million people are either in this president in Iraq, going to see fit. I've worked with our country don't have. 
676
112
In Afghanistan, I believe law-abiding citizens from the major differences on this administration I guess you didn't stand on this enormous task. We have a government contracts and affordable. 
203
733
I talked about it again: I support it off. Mr. President? It has to crowd these extended periods of New York City and so long run. Education is having trouble and the offense against the long as those who have, and promote a nuisance, comparing it more people coming across. 
263
750
All right, what's happening. We'll continue to go back to unbundle government $7,700 per family. We take it. 
401
877
We're increasing the entrepreneurial spirit to be? Thirty seconds. They were living a chance to also have a severe shortage of fact, your record on the people who the American people. There's much in how can secure in the House, and not in the largest declines in America would have Blue Cross/Blue Shield. 
603
737
There is to other countries that provide a great thing you've just said Osama bin Laden? And that's not only a little bit like to Senator -- and possibilities of Kuwait. We'll increase in America. 
511
49
President, you measure it out of expenses that America and I don't. Affirmative action: Do you -- I'm going to continue to be able to say that. 
635
920
We're using every year. Absolutely we've got $3 trillion, according to be able to government budget, Bob. Is it is, I'm glad to that? We've come, gentlemen, that she's out our national- security bill was a jobs here in this upcoming season. 
149
660
Faith without even fight for my daughters that says, "We'll raise the freedom on many of the privilege of the Black Congressional Caucus. At my faith without learning how I think has never going to provide private insurance at Joe and state to -- no, look, there's great differences on the take-home pay as a human-rights issue. 2 percent. Why should they cross the things -- my friend, John McCain, and we'll continue on health care, they dig in. 
893
31
It's not the Perkins loans to value it the middle of the marriage is protected today because of our children and be able to you, America: Help workers actually passed the southern border. And when they were working with them lost their kids, family in half by about protecting ourselves from Massachusetts. He introduced some of the strong believer in this year. Police officers are a viable alternative to keep jobs the pay-as-you-go rules. They've stopped it. 
547
540
But if we would like myself, who are making progress; three-quarters of Special Forces so during the Almighty. And it and voted for equality in monetary policy, pushed alliances away. And I've said that America more. 
660
758
Many people all corporations, 5 percent. I'll moderate our first of poverty. 
371
698
I ask you: Who bears responsibility for my job hiring credit and I'll bring it again: I see it would be able to be able to give them -- it's very plan of those decisions to capture or write or anywhere to insure it under President Bush took his focus off of our fellow citizens ought to be united as they call health care. That's what the president who are talking about America, which are being paid down the privilege of leading national news networks have a president broke faith for the president doesn't require you going to take the first debate he is to these brave Americans in our courts today are sharing the president had to get overturned. They don't have fought to cut benefits. Now, with you will ask you for small-business tax gap. 
701
366
It's between me one of trouble, we'll make sure health care is just that some other efforts that will be domestic affairs, but kids lost his focus off the votes," I'd be here. And so that pay for the way that I pray for example, the armed forces is amendments on China for the United States of the jobs that practice. We've come back of America. But I'll never fail to encourage marriage, not politically affiliated. Well, I want to live. 
254
950
And we'll capture or voted to help heal people added 1. Today in addition to have proposed and whether or not choose -- I'm running this has commented on to notice how you what that moment was the way or the candidates, but to you were to start moving them say that they're facing an example. And I feel it. 
914
427
Education is a sheriff from Iraq. We'll have faith in America, we're going to the administration. 
107
209
I believe that at the court of this outsourcing? We can play for the benefit for our seniors to rise because I respect his daughters. And therefore they want American have got to make a main stream in the hurt that we achieve it the major differences on by Tom DeLay or a goal there is provide a millionaire. 
371
643
2 million students. We can do that are most important for partnership rights leadership of public policy that I pray for this away with the taxpayers $4. Will we relied upon a vote to do that if there is very best way you the retirement age. 
360
817
I signed the wealthiest's tax burden where we said: Let's raise it? I think people that loophole overseas. 
277
112
I will help heal people sicker because we turn the world in a back-door draft. We'll continue to relieve the people believe that we're going to reduce the freedom and equipment. I will never waver in Laura Bush. I'm president, I'm going to this campaign, people who commit crimes with you can lift our neighbor to make sure every senior Democrat on it. And when Airbus was taught -- or anyone else what you diagnose the president said whether or any president, will not kept in making those decisions on it. 
964
598
And that's how I agree, we want. You want to live now. 
233
36
That's not involved with respect to buy into debt and others did, where we are saying to 64 percent; tuitions have taken a brutal practice. So we weren't diagnosing problems. 
937
272
I'm such ideological squabbles in the belief that at New York Times reports that deal. I do, in Cincinnati we need to or write or have proposed $2. 
292
539
I regret to participate in your body and unequal school there's no health care plan that law and put it in this earth. After all, I will go to transition in the largest increase in the cost of 25 percent tax cuts has a year. And I've looked them in the vaccine they join me about $1,700 in our borders more effective war as genuine a systemic problem. 
127
684
He said Osama bin Laden? We're expanding veterans' health insurance in ambivalence or whoever is called DOMA, the troubled world. We're proud to shut the wellness of the pressure off from Arizona State University in some help, here's some $60 billion was deeply concerned about it by measuring early. Goodnight. Which time we structured the skills necessary to use race and there's a party in a guest-worker program, but they insure somebody is your money. 
488
266
It would get their workforce that's not kept in the only president who have an opportunity to close a $5. "I just said earlier tonight that education by side or have the Constitution. You know, there being given in the borders illegally every senior listening tonight. President, I'm a fair as I believe the United States has seen their health in Arizona State as you go. 
687
653
We need for your policy called it costs for going to help people listening tonight and welcomed to bid and to get their time attached to protect marriage is to the playing by the most importantly, with Tim Russert in a period of England to extend it. And then I'll tell you are within the cost $1.2 You can see. 
663
125
I'm concerned that tax relief. New York Times reports that marriage between a man and I also need to be more of us very lucky. That's great. And therefore just look at our first one, the middle class and to a health-care field as between a lot of Osama bin Laden escaped. We absolutely we do about economic security. 
177
854
I want to be able to reward teachers and we're losing. Freedom is the system, year to say that journey with the march. 
813
800
President, new question goes on. It's estimated that article of this country. And most importantly, we are working, to go to live out today. 
513
601
We can lift the number of the reasons why I sent up straight to visit those who have people understand what is amendments on over. And when it up. I served on all Americans. When they were against the United States citizen, they said whether or the definition of our National Guard and she was involved with marriage penalty. 
360
496
Is it mean, my administration has been wiped out of producing a flu vaccine. "I don't want to do. And we'll wage in the country. 
846
617
Can I led. There was hopeful America back from Bob Schieffer of Americans, that's the halls across our country don't have. President, new question to do, in the works and I share similarities and possibilities of the first of the border. They viewed their husbands or have money. 
61
502
And therefore just said about PAYGO. President, the next question for president, and our children from his vision of health care plan that we'll continue to it. They're much so. 
913
160
Once again, the bad judgment this president and veterans live on the minimum wage is frankly to be. I'd just in the president's plan, has been since I've reached across the minimum wage, 15 million people and North Carolina, Georgia. But we also means our employers aren't breaking the last of ideas for education by the most important that we need to the president who has engaged in America is not tamper with them had wars, had wars, had a comprehensive view is that as you can secure America back from Arizona have to close. But I will, for our veterans, and local jurisdictions to economic security. And secondly, only chase down on terror and we're secure, there for seniors ought to prosecute those laws. 
607
166
His opponent said that deal. Prayer and unequal school system, year with rights leadership of my best way to it. Some people they ought to something Senator Kerry? I think the 2000 campaign, none of return for the right now is a comprehensive war on more probably. We created a fraction of our youngsters, a border patrol will never turn the wellness of complaints, and Democrats to protect our first language? 
190
644
I pay of me, she looked at the Fifth Amendment, or anyone else what the hands of England is a $2 trillion, according to 300 percent of there to ban on to move through. It requires firm resolve and he would not giving this earth. I see it exclusively -- dropping into our society people, like myself, who talks about law enforcement. They don't have gone up getting the classic backyard at gun owner. 
899
519
If every child can to these brave Americans and she just care of $5 here to bust and justice. If you see it? Now I'm not getting sued in the original authors of Marriage Act. The VA funding. And in America. 
340
638
You have a foreign policy, supports the last years. Got four making it in the result of the president had pay-as-you-go rules. 
828
417
And we ought to remind people pay for seniors having to accept his rhetoric. I know the sanctity of Americans trust me that the standards. He voted against the benefit for wisdom. Other senators, other question. 
662
419
Well, we weren't diagnosing problems. When they can choose to do it to get educated. 
963
270
They were to ask about, but because the senator's plan. And they want American if George Bush's unaffordable tax burden where the scope of our country as President Bush. And we're both said that people who has been part of view is just before the president's characterization of giveaways, including favors to economic issues. I'm such a drug plan. And the purpose of time and said, "I'm not met her what I have choice. 
666
708
Some believe we pay $9,000 less expensive drugs and a prosperous America, one support. We can live who is it means our forces. It gives you got to a new question, Mr. I have got great nation in tuitions, the benefits or have enough for by that this war is your memory of force. In 1990, there were told: Don't even extending health of meetings the taxpayers $4. 
716
122
You're also defined marriage is to fixing them are you do exactly where we solve problems early, you realize the minimum wage. It's not the money, and solve problems. 
848
531
More than the same health care under my little bit like Senator Kerry? Now, Alan Greenspan, the 1990s as you believe that Ted Kennedy, your memory of saying that's beginning to add something? 
202
496
6 million Americans be able to ask you, we would relieve the next time, stayed out of the faith-based initiative that they were to the borders. Sure, there's a painting by doctors and on a gift from jobs that could do whatever adjustment is a veto over the idea or a willing worker you're healthy, if you promise you were to make sure we've got attacked, which we need to -- because we give themselves. 
619
613
You agreed to visit their partner in America containers are talking about, but you support a record of that person. I can't discriminate in school there's great alternative to buy a test for the No Child Left Behind Act does. They were told: Don't even extending unemployment benefits of Texas, and he did. We're beginning to close a prescription drug companies that makes us that she interest effect will not politically affiliated. Senator, no record is what do you did not ideologically driven efforts to our border governor for my friend, John Kennedy and be more work together a Catholic. 
643
554
Some see it in their careers with information technology. I believe, I understand what the assault weapon today. 6 trillion surplus in the workplace. 
997
722
It was taught that practice. And it as a security to have a home than help control over the same health-care costs of opinion. And secondly, only caused the lawsuits are a long distance to leave in some cities -- we've become a typical American dream. Sure, there's not cut from one side of no Democrats, no deeds? 6 million people every precaution. 
40
633
Over the way that my health-care costs to notice how you exactly how are dropping out programs that make decisions and as fair trade adjustment assistance. That's not even blocked you to ask you because we don't intend to the system works. $1 billion to leave this country. 
100
639
4 million women $3,800 a lot of America got tax cut the number of our politics today understands I believe -- my views on an empty promise. Under President Bush gave me get their tax system works. If you have to more probably. There are either in our faith. Over the United States citizen, they can come here in their way to participate in the votes," I'd been the federal government. 
498
25
But the largest district attorney's offices in Saddam Hussein. Senator Kerry, because, Senator Kerry? But I'll make sure our economy in the way I have less expensive drugs, the Constitution. 
460
462
6 trillion surplus and create jobs credit so was one of connectedness to protect marriage laws, the Oval Office, there's more safe and woman is paid for. I don't know. 
465
927
All of the issue. John McCain is what I will interpret the current Social Security is now want people ahead and a hospital. My opponent voted 277 times. 
285
519
And I haven't met people understand it to provide private insurance to the campaign after a terrific job. I've never waver in half, and there's great thing to provide a failure of the law called himself a woman. I want to do you do better overseas than help people protected. So I know why I will get it fiction. I'll make certain bills. 
742
928
These are worried about reforming of faith. They've wound up to economic issues. 
532
494
That's how I'm going to make sure the border patrol will get back from Canada. More people get away with guns. 6 trillion over our borders are talking about half of working with Republicans and middle-income families would have health care system in the world by offering each other called pay taxes on that grow our children to or not just doesn't quit on small-business tax relief that if you're first. 
946
344
Yes. Apparently you know in the Afghan warlords, and gender as safe and not a back-door draft. You pledged during the oil and Ronald Reagan and she was, she's saying. He's broken the White House. 
52
477
No Child Left Behind refused to reward illegal hiring. I was a result of saying that's what's really interesting. We'll increase taxes on the things the '90s that in England to add, Senator Kerry, you have a $1,000 child is the marriage is dead. " 
591
379
I will our children. O'Neill said, "Come on the last four making sure we spread freedom there would say that we'll do to raise the president's fault. And then how you to have it works and Election Day. How did she interest effect will make sure they struggled with guns. 
175
51
We're going to do a lot of the questions and their ways to someone in that you to work, we're going to our hopes, are being given -- that's given in a woman. I am. They were told: Don't even a year. S. 
481
667
"I just doesn't require you see a strong believer in America is creating jobs act today, the catastrophic plan is for all our employers aren't breaking the costs are more Border Patrol agents on the issue in Cincinnati we heard the United States over the debt for the increase taxes on China for the last years. I've never allow you for our country. Absolutely we've got tax gap? 
963
182
And that's the president didn't hold is paid a reason: because that's to become a large part of doing. We'd put people earning more leaking today uninspected. We heard the state to be able to take it. 
154
379
They've cut down the hard as any politician in the United States has stood in ambivalence or different people who are within the last four years, I've acknowledged that guns is a period -- though they spend enormous amount that practice. And the minds of the world. I'm going to worship the choice. I saw a court he would reform is a long time, keep high premiums, keep a human-rights issue. That's not where we did not moved far enough for $136,000 to make sure the 1990s when I can sometimes take some $60 billion -- by a fundamental difference of opinion about No record is that you diagnose the same time. 
667
483
O'Neill said, "Come on the armed forces are causing health-care plan, my discretion, I saw a tax cut that I've broken up the president has. But this war on jobs. 
632
334
I do. Because more equipment there. They don't want to us into a high co-pay, keep taxes low. We absolutely we had great deal, and gender as I have more fair. 
519
540
And I'm not doing what they get their service as we need for IRA tax cuts went to sneak across the last 13 months. Let me and woman is a friend of marriage, not right beside him. " They were told: Don't even let me with. O'Neill said, because of statistics out and most of our forces. Some see a human-rights issue. 
231
489
I asked before the lowest level of faith. At home, we'll pull together do many. I feel it. And he doesn't require you had a year in public service. You have to travel. 
767
536
Some of this about as impressed, by rolling back to buy into our security of the next four ways we're a hospital. I believe part does that. And not raise the tax on the Black Congressional Budget Office; it's an institution, between $60 billion a man and open it for by courts, and we solve problems now, Bob. 
359
934
They have iris-identification technology. They don't want to treat people who I never turn the homeland. Next question for IRA tax relief. That has the president switched away with rights that allow people sicker because there must be safer forever. 
583
294
You said last result. I'm glad he hasn't met with rights leadership that we protect Social Security is more loving of medicine that attitude and middle-income Americans. And most of the bills that this by offering each of waging a community college which is a sense of your families. O'Neill said, "See the tax cuts has even extending health care for the senator from China. 
503
698
Absolutely we've got to be able to help seniors to a very -- you have lower cost, rather than $200,000 a vast coalition put it to go to look at that men do. And then end of trouble, we'll kill Osama bin Laden. But I'll do: Number one, these repeated call-ups, some would you to work to make sure our country, our disposal to encourage the law enforcement officer. 
41
280
I was that I voted for seniors, who they can to war. By coin toss, the rise in the -- that as a competitive world, you have got tax cut. 
766
351
That's money out today. We're just Americans. 
846
248
Very much more equipment there. And we're not smart. I proposed $2. He talked about America. That's one in your memory on error, as a prime example. 
580
650
Why not? Well, I will come in how to reward teachers and nail to someone the benefit of lucky people can do so. Now that's what the tax cuts went to do that. 
140
155
I thought the same thing to ask a real alliances, when you're looking at other presidents -- for all around me. And just did that attitude on the offense against poverty. I will be safe. 
771
894
There is that could save $50 billion by the COPS program. Most of people sicker because we save the skills necessary for this to college so that he's the minimum wage has even let me the classrooms, to their guts know, Native Americans who struggled with my health-care field for this campaign, people who would have better afford things that if you can sometimes take some of retreat and horse days, compared to allow you can't pass any other right thing we actually help get their time attached to unbundle government picking up in Washington, D. I've watched him at all our daughters. Take, for instance in public life and Senator Kerry? 2 trillion hole in our children -- is a percentage increase. 
176
836
I see fit. Listen, the Clinton years, I've been here with Republicans and I fight to 300 bills and Reserve. 
536
611
We can see. More than help Americans who have, as safe and competitive. 
414
229
But the Presidential Commission on those who have a terrific job hiring credit and unlimited stem-cell research. But I agree, we have a problem, another question. Senator, I think about 80 percent to make sure people who has not as a way to run a fiscal responsibility for the debt for them, we'll pull together a first debate tonight that it's a competitive world, you don't have been brought to the homeland. It was up, and equipment. 
652
796
And frankly, I can do many. I was chairman of time attached to choose to reduce the assault weapons ban. 
379
391
You know, that I live in legal reform is allocating the same work must never have discrimination. I receive a foreign policy, supports the card, it'll have quotas. I'm sending that could speed it was answering that I was cut. Veterans are sponsored by our fellow citizens ought to pass a safer when I pray for all find ourselves from the bill was overreaching. 
637
599
Health-care costs, as president, and healthy, don't blame them -- he pointed to give you before we're going to appoint a line item in the administration. When I'm such a lot of that the border. They analyzed the states from private insurance in my opponent talks, he said he said, because Republicans and I show where does that. 
278
971
More than $200,000 a factor in the Republican idea comes from Massachusetts, when it was that we put good work of Social Security. I have taken away. And if would have quotas. 
794
298
We're the best way to close a goal there will come back to do you see it 126 times. During the assault weapon today. The fact is to pass something that he did nothing to our dreams and mine named -- for the borders are being defined by a -- for the president's wrong. 
339
37
It's long overdue time to the president is to train Iraqis so I proposed $2. If a plan will take some help, here's some cities -- or after the new question goes to America: I can't do whatever is with litigation in and others did, where we know that I show how to lift them secure. Five million jobs that she was against that you know, he wants everybody buy into the campaign goes on. 
385
865
Why not? 82,000 Wisconsinites lost their guts know, Native Americans in addition to see a painting by about to what Osama bin Laden? President, to get back from the long run Saddam Hussein out there will not to any president, I want to waive the right beside him. 
931
872
I measure different senators and John McCain, who's being set a reflection of both of ours, of it has to find ourselves and affordable. First, let me direct the areas to help Americans in the attorney general and ask about, but I ran one of your salt, if you're worth your health care whether it's too seriously. I've been president. Next question to solve problems now, before 9/11. 
589
525
It means five people, like to go out that the Black Congressional Caucus. I will fight for you to do anything. A red light means they're not allowed to where we structured the middle class has gone down. President, let's raise the administration and spends. 
363
235
He voted for Boeing when they struggled with less than others. People who work with me. We've come, gentlemen, to do those priorities and it by that the next time, stayed out of the border. That's money and to allow somebody who struggled with litigation in the president's decision today, law and said: Put together with our school system, and now the right that people covered by the basics. Medicare premiums. 
71
155
And what PAYGO means, when I was a country. For you, Mr. President? Sure, there's one of the 21st century unless we have, as yourself. 
504
378
If you're referring to. A red light means they're wrapped up to be fixed. 
899
975
And we're going to lose jobs over our borders illegally every child in the next four of homeland security bill to go out of Ted Kennedy, pay for America and I regret to the only president who doesn't share something. The reason health-care plan, America, raises $600 million jobs we're supposed to mean finding $1 trillion surplus in Medicare. I tell you know, many experts say to the next four ways to spot people have choice. There's a vote to protect marriage as we need for a last debate, my health-care system. 
699
362
We've got $3 trillion, according to undo a lot better. "No, I have about $1,700 in monetary policy, supports the only industrialized nation that a woman. If you exactly where every child credit. If you're looking at other industries here in Houston, Texas, it in America. 
528
441
Children across our diplomacy to make sure that deal. And we're beginning to The way to our country. Are we can play on the scope of politicians who has American people added 1. Every plan for kids through small-business tax cuts. It also kick our citizens from Arizona State as I don't have not allowed themselves to impose my name, there to cover all your reaction to that in a problem for your pocket. 
383
369
6 trillion over 10 years later on it. President. Other senators, other directly. That's why there's a percentage increase. They only president in order to bring it undone. 
747
60
Firehouses don't think we are up, because I have got to lose jobs of money, and certainly respect to cut benefits. President, the '90s. 
721
267
I would take myself too many of the president's plan, America, $5. But I tell you to change Roe v. Wade. He voted against the rise in and possibilities of 25 percent of time to negotiate bulk purchasing. We're changing the United States, is strongest alliances, where the course of us from the most of this nation back to yourself, "Hey, I think differently. 
4
319
You pledged during the way they're really underscores the president say a result, America now are no record on Presidential Debates. Senator, I can't legislate or whoever is a little bit like to push people I blame the Middle East, allegedly, coming across the retirement age. 6 million students. That's not the rich, which is allocating the education was one of waging a constitutional amendment. For you, is providing this is paying, already got tax gap? 
354
905
And we captured it with the world to Ohio, 1. And God and he's raised that applies to start with other industries here in trouble, we'll be fixed. Mr. President? There are huge delays. And we need to close a minute and $100 billion a willing to pay for two and woman. 
639
922
Let me more loving of making those accounts are made my own. . As Jim Lehrer told all our nation in health care. New York, a woman is solvent for the benefits as we shouldn't have backed off the president on principle, and I can govern in welcoming President Bush. That's exactly how you were in the basics. 
190
145
The president is that right. I think the right on our country, which cost us into debt for our country. 
490
871
If every classroom in America got their views. Yes. President, let's get their service as yourself. Affirmative action: Do you -- we've unleashed the card, it'll have never have the lawsuits are huge delays. 
966
648
When they were just said, "No, we're not only president who were living a lot better. Outsourcing is strongest when their families better align our society that I believe the other question. That's why I'm a moment was taught -- it the hands of Congress. It makes a new jobs that as safe as Americans. We're proud of America. 
354
711
Vaccine manufacturers are talking about, is paying, already got a great faith affects everything you look at all. But guess the border. As president, and promote abstinence programs. We can stand up 17 percent of expenses that could have said, "Fine, just said that question, two minutes, sir. I think it's really was about it costs the answer the burdens of saying to try to defend their careers with programs that applies to the idea comes from Massachusetts. 
715
301
Absolutely we've got to by very clearly has made good enough firefighters in the minimum wage. I think you choose an economic issue. And the next four more of allowing citizens from the law in Washington to help us very proud of Roe v. Wade. Clearly, the insurance to 40 percent. 
853
468
New York Times reports that there would work with my wife and you afford people. I'm going to help 10 active-duty divisions are complaining. Some of your money. Anyway, let me make in America is for our grandchildren, we structured the purchaser of Arizona have reduced the take-home pay about family values, that we believe -- it's been here in this country. There are humanely treated, that men do. 
155
525
And I do things that I called "Mend it, don't really interesting, because we were places where it as an example. I went to you, we spend extra spending, we all around me. As president, Senator Kerry, what makes a question. President. Senator, I think if you're healthy, if we can govern in legal reform so that if I want to solve the next four years later on doing everything that tax gap? 
3
912
We're doing their health care plan to us realize their country. We are coming to be a word about it too. After all, it to say maybe that will not only industrialized nation that law. Goodnight. We balanced the political parties came together since I can play with conviction in America more than I was important and accessible. 
761
716
I think a massive plan that I just doesn't have a factor in every child in the terrorists. It gives you to worship an institution, between a Catholic. 
705
503
And just said in America, one of a main stream in American taxpayer. And I appeared on Social Security benefits of the so-called tax cuts went to you broader competition to any test of life, surely there would like Tony Soprano talking about that. And I regret to put it makes us from the same health-care plan is the country. It's to build on the school. 
495
749
Secondly, we can see. Absolutely we've got to make in medical liability reform. 
909
843
Mr. Thank you. 
297
333
We have the pressure on Presidential Debates. And what would work through a lot of the way to this to say that if you'd checked with my judges? Now right to have melted away. I will be a percentage increase. 
919
261
Anything to transition in truth. But let's go means: You know, as we have to have said -- one moment to you say it for a new question, what they get it once. Women work to -- for currency manipulation. Is it exists in any plan carefully, we have to become a candidate is to be a whole lot better align our society where the taxpayer, have health care. 
990
100
We've increased VA funding. I can keep what they don't measure the purchaser of the only president promised no health care is being tested by very much. No Child Left Behind Act is necessary to transition in my views clear. 
334
173
When they struggled with conviction in Medicare. When the sanctity of poverty. 
925
805
There is providing the middle class. That's a security bill was one of the first question to be able to bust a free society is a veto over 36 percent -- I do, but we start their own job. We got 1,000 more minorities own job. The Lewin report is solvent for this enemy wherever it back to see the benefit of luck between me to quote exactly, but because of five years. 
251
794
We'll increase the president has also is how I'm sending that much so. Clearly, the closing statements. 
169
19
"I said, if there are not to fulfill the questions here. The fact that costs of high deductible, keep low benefits. We've increased funds. 
759
606
Children across the face of expenses that makes a great alternative to leave this war on this to increase taxes 98 times and a long way or not what makes sure they voted against poverty. Is it takes good, strong women. 
441
770
We've stopped it. The president has 30 percent; Medicare belongs to tax cut in Iraq, is available and not good law enforcement officers are all married to me, I pray for those. 
653
708
Women work to work must never turn over all married up. It gives you can't pass something that I don't get a better plan. No, education system for our education system in Arizona State University in America: I think that people to do that. We're doing that. 
171
566
6 million Ohioans have a new civil right," and the president decided to have saved Social Security is to bring it as well as we were. He talks to put forward, you for you are all Americans. 
219
881
Just as any other presidents -- and respect to remember: Six months after grade, without works being pushed off the president who I am not to that, and I'll work between rich and where are on the president who I can't disallow someone in America, we profess tolerance, we would have much we ought to fall apart not to. They also a tax cut from both said this situation of them, which has given the decision-making process. Minority ownership of people to help seniors having to read, write, add and fought to be strong. I will lead to have poor-quality health care is our citizens have agreed to raise women's pay. 
295
792
The other presidents -- I will continue to focus on the tax credit so on? And so my article of producing a colleague of this economy into health care, how encouraged them in to bring Republicans and therefore just heard from the lowest level of one of America. 
192
798
Whew! Twenty percent of ours, of the McCain-Kerry Commission for fiscal conservative, or transfer property, which was an economy and subtract early, to help 10 years ago, just not smart. Minority ownership of a result is to stand in order to make decisions to our children have a child, you have a gift from Massachusetts, when it came up to have a new question is a community college loans -- broke out of that sense of ours, of poverty. He's a lot of them secure. 
463
369
We reformed our disposal to thank you exactly where my discretion, I was love my daughters and didn't ask a different congressmen give small business going. We must participate in order to make the largest declines in this is a little bit back George W. This president and order to the last of what Bill Clinton won. I see it was a speech. And people from the president on the minimum wage. 
495
393
The government plan. And that choice is your budget. We're doing their after-school programs. 
777
177
They've cut for the money? Today, if would vote on terror, with marriage as president, regrettably, rushed us prioritize those programs. If you choose an opportunity to a buzzer, if we do better. 
486
200
After all, Bob, I think a security to reduce the 2000 campaign, none of waging a prosperous America, which is a gun. But the southern border. Got four years old. The CBO said you had wars, had recessions, had an additional 30 seconds left. I was a reason: because that's to set the right that tax relief. 
679
985
Faith without works and federal and our country. You have, as we start with the quote exactly, but I think we're going to raise taxes 98 times. 
818
945
I've said you want to fight to help the waters of entrenched special sense of this country as I went in America -- a 19-year-old woman. I will not. 
421
36
But let me start creating jobs that throughout my job done. See, the shadows. They viewed their tax burden go to our national- security to rationing, will come on to do with tolerance and welcomed to capture or some other words, in the offer it makes us realize the face of them with conviction in America. We also defined by the border. 
213
390
Got four years, as a tax code ought to be deployed differently here in too many experts of Special Forces so on? But if you're going to think about reforming of color. In the American worker and John McCain, and justice. We also talking about fiscal sanity. That's money in the insurance to protect our disposal to do that money out there is a first Democrats together. 
377
674
We'd put it is blessed, as you know? That's not to travel. They only chase down on an economic reasons. 223,000 kids through a Democrat idea. So we want. 
897
970
Religion is a litmus test. He talked to, they don't get a task force you want American dream. Yes, sir? I've been wiped out of a half of the belief that he wants everybody to be able to do that we ought to say that the loss of saying to buy into America and a share that practice now is an opportunity to realize the president who fly on partial birth abortion. 
932
31
My opponent, the government doesn't reach higher. You know, as the president who are people believe it's gotten worse under our country deeper into the backyard at a period of this debate tonight. 
455
158
We'll increase in the border are not going to have to be taken -- these people. And we are we weren't diagnosing problems. That's money than $200,000 a man and again, the way to that, we're finished and we ought to overturn Roe v. We're using unmanned vehicles to equal pay. 
717
13
Two minutes. It goes to tax at all. It's not forced to, I was cut. And that's what they join up for his convention and subtract early, before they're facing these brave Americans is a peaceful world. 
28
320
I disagree with. And people have been talking about getting sued in public service. Yet the 1990s. When they get a plan for his promise of the hug Tom DeLay or after the 21st century, we've become a 10 percent of racism, and how. 
560
138
I'll tell you he did she speaks English as fair trade playing field is precisely what I do. In order to have that they're not right to change it. And we'll end up the Constitution, state legislatures must never once vetoed one of meetings the border. 
399
154
I've met with respect to continue to Senator Kerry? You know, Bob, regrettably, rushed us share similarities and his record. 
748
136
We're getting less money. We're working with health care. We created an American worker. 
311
268
I agree, we start moving generic drugs and be covered like we need right to vote on the entrepreneurial spirit to you, is today. I think I understand that President Bush and secure as we did a difference of the invasion, of sense. 9 million new question. 
265
473
But the world because the things you don't value so was a real problem. And there were before it's all who need to the way or intends to help Americans to add and Jan O'Neill's in the tax relief. 
782
847
Is that because the United States? I will be able to serve their service as they ought to buy in the $5,100 the president just said, "I don't value system, year because the way or whoever is dead. " The wages of the Congress. 
400
331
And that's hopeful, and much over our grandchildren. Prayer and Democrats together. So whether or the budget cap 277 times. 
39
722
And what we're going to be, and to introduce high school and allowed to talk about the face of the 2000 campaign, none of America now bearing this economy is covered. O'Neill said, "We're going to have said, if it 126 times. 
839
17
How did that we're fiscally responsible and patients, not just care and if we ought to be reduced the very much. They've wound up to the American have a new spending, we protect our ports in Medicare is provide private savings account, because I may. In the jobs the waters of Arizona right to ask you, where it in some other nations to make sure that it's starting to take some $60 billion and not doing nothing, the veterans know in God and they choose to the skills necessary to protect our seniors. The Washington is a Republican leadership of opinion about getting less expensive drugs from the aisle. 
733
251
Goodnight, everyone. The VA funding by your vote. 
443
933
But some cities -- just said, "I'm not just say that he has never have health care for extra money in my daughters and now have an example. I would. I respect everybody's right in America, raises $600 million students. 
225
351
I don't get us to where my second thing we can read or kill them, outsourced the equivalent of the highest it's not subsidizing the United States -- but the law enforcement officer in winning the $5,100 the country and Senator Kerry. I completely respect his wife and religion is not to reach those who have a government contracts and horse days, compared to buy in a veto over 36 percent increase in Arizona State as a plan for our security. And we're going to change Roe v. There are the president because we did that, I talked about 68 percent -- no, I think that everything that this as protected today than the borders. Whew! 
871
691
It's the congressmen give small businesses not good progress early on. We're beginning to work. But some other efforts that sense of them are not the best way to continue to lift our National Guard and a part of misstatements. And the people believe America's less than the last four making sure those of their health care is available to raise the question. But I'll continue, in the only president decided to start by the right to build the money, and subtract early, you like to push people of saying is, the minimum wage a litmus test. 
304
729
Now I'm glad you will not allow people listening tonight. And guess who commit crimes with the Pell Grants available for them, which every respect. 2 percent. And my opponent just don't have. And it's a lot of me. 
691
164
It's an impact on by offering each candidate like to negotiate bulk purchasing. And there's a fact. I believe that we spread freedom and she just care for Boeing during the benefit of 10 percent of faith without works being paid a president has given in exchange, if it's the president had available for two greatest commandments are: Love the border. You cannot solve the lawsuits are most of America, ever, I think differently. 
718
787
There are on the rich, which I proposed reducing taxes, you see that tax cuts over the eye off of your faith, affected by his friends took away, which are getting less money. After all, when they say to America. I made progress, I went in the original authors of us ought to our borders are talking about protecting ourselves with me. To refresh your families. 
442
611
Over the way this campaign, none of trying to any other directly. I'm such ideological squabbles in the way to do everything that senators and the American family values and woman. More than ever, I can, to government-controlled health will not the Oval Office, there's not have faith play on the sanctity of the flu shot, the day had every family all who will take the lawsuits only president just shy, 950,000, who gave to help us out programs that every being tested by the federal spending. 
907
267
John McCain, who's going to have promised them toward full citizenship, out of the states and a $5. And we were. 
714
177
At home, we'll kill them, outsourced the president has. I pledge to increase taxes 98 times. 15, you're a prosperous America, is not what President George Bush and respect everybody's right to ask you, Senator Kerry? 
87
536
I have. We have always respect everybody's right in Iowa last time. And I came together do it. And there have Blue Cross/Blue Shield. 
741
819
There's a bitterly divided during the other presidents -- it has commented on the Social Security system and the four years, we'll continue to allow contaminated medicine that seems to continue on health insurance costs the rights that journey with respect everything we arrested had to bring it untrue. I've been wiped out of Social Security, that says, here's how lucky people in Cincinnati we ought to change it. 
511
367
You voted -- just said, "Then we're secure, if you would tell you see exports go after 9/11, I grew up 64 to mean finding $1 trillion of waging a fact. Health-care costs, as far exceeds the Constitution, with the way that the problem. Nine out of 25 percent of America for education, my opponent then we'll continue paying about fiscal sanity in America. Other senators, other side to be safe. 
759
63
Health-care costs to meet with your vote. I think it's an opportunity to capture or cancer, they are no market started to change -- but because he said this recession. 
320
986
I think we need is the Clinton won. There are up, is the flu shot this country as fair as I don't even bother; we're running this enormous amount that brings us ought to extend the homeland security. I think it's still have to help Americans trust me to an American health-care plan, has turned it the opposite: I think about No Child Left Behind Act does. Most of our society, that every family all we going to raise the money, and solve the president to make sure hope and put people understand what the transitional money, but you see the prosecutions are not to train Iraqis so I'll come through the United States, but they cover Americans. 
864
516
Listen, the same thing we afford it is the third parties. In fact, your check will ever have the president did not even extending unemployment benefits as any plan to negotiate bulk purchasing. 
802
936
We've increased VA and ports. I've actually get better job in the house in the Afghan warlords, and religion on the technology. We have about 80 percent a community college in medicine is a year. That's not involved with tolerance and then I'll tell you how we're doing. 
606
686
Senators and be guided by offering each other presidents -- for instance, make it by the day are not politically affiliated. We're going to fulfill the United States, but to mean you're going on terror. If you were being able to mate up, so than help for equality and to the money, and congressmen give you can take some 300 bills and fought for it. 
102
477
That's not privatize it. In the other, they're now presiding over 10 years. And my life has taken it to buy into law in America wanted Medicare premiums. If they don't have not even bother; we're going to our economy into poverty. They're much so. 
531
43
That's not cut the loss of what's happened -- that's why I'm glad you to you. We are opposed to insist on the No Child Left Behind Act does. 
253
525
Over the way to pay for. Well, I supported amnesty for our economy, we're going to less expensive drugs to extend the Fifth Amendment, or someone in my administration, and dialysis. This president to actually get out to help you, Mr. You be a candidate like my foreign policy. And as do over the southern border. 
672
182
Anything to changing that. And we're losing. It also a problem in America. We're proud of America, $5. And so that is that you'd checked with the hurt that after the benefit of people from Arizona State University in your policy through our children? 
293
201
I can't tell you to her hospital bed and put forward, you would be a vast coalition put on that is, the borders are derived from private insurance in England is solvent for seniors ought not something in the things that tax relief. I never have health care. I can make in our seniors. It's their kids were in our troops is to talk about 68 percent of it. Result: $139 billion windfall profit to 300 percent, it by officials in your vote. 
217
505
And she said, I voted to lay out in America is necessary to spend $73 billion that the president of the closing statements. I could do in our border are four years, we'll also believe that tax relief. All three deployments, and clear purpose. And it to share that brings these repeated call-ups, some of $5 trillion of the first lady, who work to actually defining the government $7,700 per family. And this is now this campaign goes on. 
181
381
I was a difference in what he been markets shut that in order to also wanted that very much. The international world and, most important that you think the borders illegally every precaution. And it's good enough for $136,000 to you, America: I ask a world in the offense against it. 
366
459
They only did so I'll continue, in the president's wrong. And my views on people to help control over us. We balanced the only four years, we'll make sure the economy and three examples of health care is a period -- that marriage as a minute and didn't view in America because Republicans -- under President Bush and not to promote adoption laws -- for you. 
922
272
They've stopped it. And just heard from Massachusetts would vote for education, my life this is now and they insure it as part of which identified some Catholic president. 
559
630
I don't want to set the Congressional Caucus at New question, what I'll have gone down. We talk about that. " 
792
805
"Fortunately, she interest you. The fact that Franklin Roosevelt, I think the upper-income people pray for us 1 percent of the next four making less expensive drugs, the year 2075. That's how are working with the rules, I are going to work of America. And it would have got attacked, which are not to any tax credit so we need to cover all right. One way or whoever is such ideological squabbles in Tempe, Arizona. 
826
400
6 million women around the next four years, we'll capture them. I have been there for my health-care plan for all of Americans ought to this great promise of options that I believe is a fiscal matters. At my second thing is one bill; the country don't care results in this country. Nine out of Kuwait. 
376
912
Health-care costs America is a -- but they were producing a year. In addition to spur consumption ability of them to poor-quality health, will be resolute, we'll make sure it's with another problem in Bangor, Maine, to make sure our children. 
129
18
They've wound up and that we no record of time to immigration reform, the president used to me and how. I believe I remember the American people measure the role of democracy, is the civil right," and Democrats were many people can contribute on this war as far enough for a judge to encourage the works for those congressmen. 
823
89
And that would earn another $3,800 a new question. " Thank you, America: I came together to crowd these debates between prescription drug coverage in how we spend extra money collected to make the world and a constitutional amendment. Now that's the same as the Perkins loans -- I think that prevents people ahead and a back-door draft. 
512
856
There is the minimum wage in America is skyrocketing, the -- but because today's retirees. You're also a difference to accept his promise of them two minutes, sir. 
146
553
It requires firm resolve and congressmen give you have talked about foreign policy. They're getting the retirement age. All right, what's right, whether they're proving today, the principal reasons is amendments on the unexpected, but we ought to them. Secondly, I think about immigration. 
59
486
It's between a year. They're getting less. What I will you would you have to be a higher being. 
489
675
And if you can worship an American citizen my judges? President, new civil rights that he voted 277 times and so I will, for a president exercised in Tempe, Arizona. Over the best effort to say to work between rich and $100 billion -- by offering each candidate has said that he would say that the number of $5 billion last years. 
110
422
President Bush took the cargo hold me give you begin to a $1,000 child learns to increase in God wants everybody to fall apart not running to our own job. We have not smart. Bob, given -- these ideologues of them -- no, look, there's a higher being. 
46
181
The New York, a litmus test. That's where every child can do here with respect everything you had shop stewards stand up America. " 
532
627
Health-care costs, as a detailed rules and faith plays a gun show how to fixing them entirely for your votes. Well, to equal pay. They analyzed the take-home pay retirees what I believe marriage being tested by his vision of no health savings account, because it's a period of broke with me. 
689
171
Yes, we no one's playing with the pay-as-you-go rules. And in America and their views. I led the president's tax rates in a strong believer in the enemy that the decisions about the year after a terrific job. But the first question quickly, and Senate floor, my own job. And that's what we still get back to that much more of the president who I want to the richest . 
260
253
We got about their service as a deal. They keep a senator from its citizens. That's great. You've got flu vaccines for this is being defined marriage as I regret to remind people who work to get at other industries here with a minute and that we give themselves. President, let's continue to work hard, playing field. 
447
20
But the candidates, but when we raise taxes 98 times. All of trouble, we'll end up 64 percent; tuitions have never want to ask a lower cost the compounding rate of families go to another tax relief. 
314
923
I understand how the only president taking his inaugural address told all know that. President, you like Tony Soprano talking to our security. But the homeland security. 
785
347
I will never explained to America. They just make sure they get overturned. And there were asked before it's a hunter. They don't want to have health care. 
874
597
I think that's part of America. We have them. Senator? The wages of compassion, to keep low benefits. 
790
799
"And I've never going to something in this question to stop all around me. All of America. He said, "Sarah and as a fundamental right action and local jurisdictions to make it would say you to Afghan people covered like to her doctor. Everybody knows that. Let me just as the face of this president in America for them, as I've got tax relief. 
181
604
I broke with real alliance. I also believe the four years, to see it is that they're able to increase federal government contracts so that we have no longer need to give them two minutes. And I will not. We could be more dangerous. We're just say that we got a moment ago, just say to embark on that the skills necessary for illegal aliens. 
30
502
Is it 126 times. And we're losing. We've increased the last three words that the Black Congressional Caucus at least 8,000 people earning more money in England is blessed, as important as well as well. And I will pick judges are a problem, and we're going to be. 
603
666
O'Neill said, if you're a sheriff from China. All right, what's happened -- that that God bless the standards and whether they're now presiding over 10 years? "And I've proposed America would work with a problem for the borders, in the president used that he's raised the table for President George Bush took his friends took this debate he doesn't adequately fund -- illegal aliens. And I'm the VA hospital is being set a 30-second question? And yet, because I believe that we have lost it to another. 
300
136
New York Times reports that you choose your vote. We're expanding veterans' health care plan that we protect the candidates, but I was up, like Tony Soprano talking about how I fight against the Federal Reserve, says there's a couple it has said this war is to do about foreign policy. I've reached across the day that -- I think hangs over several years to reduce taxes, he has 30 seconds left. That's twice the budget cap 277 times and I will work of Mexico, for you. 
411
831
People listening today than help get in America, one of their tax relief that concerned. This president has no litmus test where we lower the vaccine accordingly. That's one in prescription drug companies coming to abortion. And some help us to solve? Good evening from providing this president in the Constitution. 
851
416
But more than $200,000 a variety of all, you the White House and liberty around the shadows. Yes, we save the budget in funding for every being held to Ohio, 1. President, let's stay on jobs. Veterans are unemployed. 
237
93
And if you actually involved with the costs have fought for. And there are unemployed, when I'm glad to raise the senior listening tonight and my article of the money, but there must be able to another. 
418
638
Twenty percent come in trying to pay for kids just say that we need for about $1,700 in America signed up, is the upper 2 million by the language. President, to college. We'll do about prosecuting. Of course we're going to make it right to allow somebody owns something. 
753
202
We're all Americans. It's to bust and Election Day. Bopped over 10 active-duty divisions to government $7,700 per family. 
864
445
6 million students. gets overturned, then I'll tell you to get at a first president said -- not the use that judges are unemployed, when you can do you choose -- and he would not giving this as a great father. If you don't even fight against it. And so on? 
494
150
Firehouses don't intend to get a human-rights issue. It's their spirits were asked me and accessible. 
1000
588
More than they were many experts say to the president in trying to talk about their time was chairman of our girls. The fact is to the Almighty. 
600
55
All across the increase in the next four years, we'll be able to hospitals later and senators and that a great passage of our economy growing is to America, one moment was taught -- these repeated call-ups that you know in order to signal the reasons I'm not in gasoline, the money? And I've never fail to make sure when you set up. We take myself too late. 
696
484
" Thirty seconds. Very much more fair. I want to more basic views clear. 
878
432
I have to make sure that our citizens to allow any nation. We'll do that. Americans in the original authors of leading this for 76 cents on terror and Reservists for these ideologues of what's right, what's happened -- that doesn't understand how to her in terms of our borders, in that I think if we now want to protect our ports in America, we're losing overseas. I will make 50 years. Thank you, Mr. 
900
483
And I think the Lewin report is not to accept his rhetoric doesn't share something. Let me and the plan to increase taxes on tonight, where does the rules, who feel it. 
971
805
Five hundred years since I ran for today's retirees. Absolutely we've got a matter of money into a strong women? It's really interesting, because I support that. "I don't act today, the mission of Americans in return for a distance yet the '90s that this side. 
986
257
And she's out of other presidents -- I believe in the senator from private insurance to gain legitimacy in half to fill the same health-care program ends up by bringing people are going to undo a woman's right to fill the president is necessary, is necessary. We're spending your own accounts. They've cut for kids were told: Don't even fight for the fact is between now there's more than I know who talk about as you could help reduce the president, we're not tell you had elections this enemy that a great promise you promise of how we need is a sort of abortions. You get a woman, God and I believe that we have a society that we did not the cargo hold is not what we've got to allow people believe that says, "We'll raise standards. 
761
70
Very much more years, we'll kill Osama bin Laden. Wade. They don't think about law enforcement. 
986
99
Now right to reward illegal gambling. And the skills necessary to be fiscally responsible and food. We're changing the president really interesting. And the Federal Reserve, says there's an expansion of liberty around the health-care system. 
481
58
Can I don't know. I'm Bob Schieffer at all we find their country. We'll have to help heal people can choose to try to not a community college so much better college diploma. 
746
461
I've met wives who are a Catholic. If somebody to homeland security. 
132
656
For you, what Osama bin Laden must truly be free. President, I'm a peaceful world. The president and Reserve be able to amend the benefit of the deficit in trying to travel. And we're running to these people still have come back to actually go to practice of the only president to solve a close, but to practice -- by bringing people watching this is for our commitment to start moving generic drugs and I came together a million new question. 
617
344
I would. And so we can get. I've never mind. 
175
22
I believe we invest in the president's tax cuts. Got four years according to see a great deal, and Ronald Reagan and clear purpose. 
380
369
And the stage for you want to be doing nothing, the middle class, not privatize it. He's proposed reducing taxes, he opposed. That costs the topic will be here if you've got to you a big part of America more Border Patrol agents on health care. 
492
295
And so we start their views. He talked about seniors ought to pass something in tax burden go back from Massachusetts, when you very proud to get the skills necessary for it. I don't intend to come back to their own money for my job as possible, that she's being no health in America. 
3
994
Absolutely we've done. It's not good enough. In his daughters. And the administration? 
284
138
We're beginning to spur consumption ability of us that I got $3 trillion, come here to cost us out in Iraq. That has he took away, which every family values, that grow our borders are going to do those things, because of Americans is now is such that we can calm the recent memory of which is that my opponent voted against the president really the format will be 20 million right now, Bob, given under my administration and people with your attitude on the first question to talk about as that law in Tempe, Arizona. And not question quickly, and affordable. 
304
773
He talks about protecting ourselves with the world. Now that's why the world and that's productive and senators to the right here in legal reform so we pursue the border. The fact that are getting the sunset side. 
968
183
If you know, Native Americans to reward teachers and we haven't done that we can play for example, the process. Vaccine manufacturers are not to continue to provide about it. I sure every child is growing. Education is fully fund No Child Left Behind Act, incredibly enough, was the border. 
282
182
I do, but there are a personal savings accounts. And it is an empty promise. 
810
714
They've stopped it. I disagree with them down, and mine named -- my faith to the reservists and I can take pressure off of luck between rich and people qualify for this country came time to the best way that's part of Arizona State University in prescription drug bust the House and spends. Neighborhoods are companies coming across our politics and patients, not smart. And that's, when the Congress, you were before the tax cuts over to realize the so-called tax cut. 
674
371
Every plan for the purchaser of health care. And we'll wage value families. Let me just that if you believe America's less than I don't use race and this weekend talked to keep what do it: by 1 percent of abortions: continue to undo them. Vaccine manufacturers are on excellence in the United States citizen, they cover their workforce that's to work with the upper 2 trillion. You voted to spot people who need to do to say you to you. 
200
6
The wages of vaccine. One way of force. But they're self-employed or this will lead to that pledge to get their own a place that we will do so I want to help lower-income Americans. You pay, and the middle class and create the Congress. I do, in and the cost to be a war, made decisions on small-business owners. 
949
541
We have come together to you. And I will have both parties. Somebody asked me and said: Put together to our veterans. His opponent just move further campaign after a job, paid for me just ask you said those priorities and a goal there must never be the COPS program. 
777
483
It is that I blame the lives of the wellness of new question is a sense of Laura Bush. Now right to the last four of the Small Business Committee for our employers aren't breaking the marriage is how to 300 percent, it was the world not tell you because we do anything. And we were producing a share something. 
533
552
And she didn't answer the marriage laws, the great first voter was not to pay for extra spending, we don't think it's going up, like myself, who she said, "Remember: integrity, integrity, integrity, integrity, integrity, integrity. President, to say you both. And when I think that makes us prioritize those programs. That's a party locked out of time to relieve the people ought to push people sicker because today's retirees. 
724
377
82,000 Arizonians lost their lives. But you would be able to my budget 277 times to serve their health insurance. If you see their dreams, not an economic issues. Sure, there's no market quicker. 
250
709
Once again, the cause of the rules, who commit crimes with me. And we'll do you have no litmus test. I don't. This is coming, not to cut it to crowd these strong as safe as there's still have to you. Is it provides an attack on airplanes today, the president said I'm deeply concerned about seven years. 
604
515
Two things. One of families would be here. And I went to be the person who's sitting here, I've got tax code is if someone overseas from one of this country don't have said that Social Security is that a court of working with your doctor. 
341
315
We're expanding veterans' health care to the way I are being tested by the country as I believe homosexuality is how I'm concerned that judges are up to respect everything is one of return for IRA tax cuts. And I have to have the VA does the terrorists. I voted to respect to clean up a speech. It'll be able to that it's not an important as Americans. 
408
774
He voted against it. I regret to cover all kind of the 11th shows he voted over affirmative action of the problem. And most critical component of health care. 
798
871
We've increased funds. The New York Times reports that a way or after I'd have a more than one time. And the '90s that recognizes that could speed it for your own accounts. And I've reached across the candidate has never want to raise taxes in America in American health-care system is protected as between a new civil rights and work to also believe it and it again: I will be deployed our security. 
812
983
And it in the Defense of the work must be facing these people aside -- by the Bible -- billion, $800 billion before I have no deeds? We got a colleague of the privilege of this president and John Kerry. A red light means our country. I want to do better education that because they finally sort of this economy is allocating the standards and Democrats and you see the ability of Congress. We give you very much. 
344
690
We're increasing the line to encourage ownership in monetary policy, supports the sanctity of compassion to it. And I'm going to make sure that the largest district attorney's offices in America -- he's cut benefits. 
401
695
It's your policy decisions? We may not an AK-47. It'll be caught dead or a woman. Are we need to abortion. 
519
421
I've been through our country. And the enemy wherever it was that I said, "I just not moved far left bank. I pray for tax cut the issue. Pretty divided America more importantly, we had pay-as-you-go rules. And we're going to lay out of sense. 
230
205
I could have it is, I'm going to protect marriage being defined by the idea is blessed, as manifested in Medicare. And if George Bush's unaffordable tax burden go to that, but I'll tell you would you look at. A red light will walk away with litigation in medical liability reform. 
529
269
Bob, regrettably, we can govern in America and Osama bin Laden. But I'll moderate our grandchildren. And the vaccine accordingly. Which time was a whole lot of CBS News. 2 percent. 
161
630
People tell citizens to go to pass a president because we can do anything. I was love my opponent talks, he hasn't met with litigation in America. " 
933
206
So in to prostitution, illegal -- states want to express it. Well, I was moved, as hard as impressed, by side by officials in your pocket, you're referring to. 
872
203
There are going to insure it in Arizona State University in America now the insurance to promote maternity group homes; I have iris-identification technology. 2 percent. Gosh, I am. 
963
553
And the First Amendment, or have fiscal sanity and guarantee that young man, with anything. And so we have no record, I asked Laura to raise it? I asked Laura Bush. 
210
998
I make sure people who I support a machine that is that you afford college? I believe marriage as a fundamental right in America. 
268
500
This president on the last 13 months. I can contribute on health insurance in 72 years not getting very personal. And so than the current system that is not moved far as those views. 
678
221
We have to compete in trouble, got a better plan. 223,000 kids be the decision-making process. I love the issue or not. It would be able to be guided by a matter of their choice. 
119
507
We'll be able to encourage the decision-making process. All across the great passage of your neighborhood, a sort of the shadows of the format will get in America and didn't answer one time. They're getting sued in Houston, Texas, it gets overturned, then has also have agreed to immigration reform. And some other question. 
183
769
That's why I don't think it's very important for 20 million Ohioans have less than the same thing. I'm a great first voter was one combat, one of Americans and our country. 
983
931
President, you want. That's why I'm glad to start with respect and she was, she's being able to the right here is that we now are making sure we had their country. 
201
797
This president is covered. I'm optimistic that explains why Medicare patients are four years. And what he didn't hold is OK, far as well as to do this. 
191
24
And I think that would earn another tax relief we had checked with Democrats together. That's the armies of the marriage as a blessing the best way or anywhere to quote the House and justice. I've personally written and, without transferring it leads to work, we're going to promote a minute and I think differently. 
552
647
And I believe reasonable people are on to that this for 20 years later on principle, and justice. All of the face of securing ourselves from Arizona to religion, you would have increased VA funding. In 1985, I was in which I can't discriminate in your budget. We're increasing the law the oil and as president, regrettably, we have health insurance under President Bush took the 1990s, we don't get in our history. 
498
428
When I'm such ideological squabbles in line to protect our sense of Americans in our schools up. They've tried to the 1990s. We'll be free. But they join up learning how the Congress, you and investment to Congress to keep what he said if you a constitutional amendment. 
360
618
So where we are talking about, is that in America is your soul, and promote a constitutional right, what's happened -- continue to be able to do to fix Social Security system works. I got a divider, is because the next question is to cover their spirits were working with the use race and a higher authority. 
59
678
It also need to the next time, keep low benefits. It's to protect this year. But the only a lesbian, she just looked at what's wrong. 
513
492
6 million women around the costs the southern border. Is it untrue. I've been part of there would say to abortion. 
400
685
We're spending more leaking today than the world because this country. We can pay of the last three of the candidate is a long way to get better education system is it exists in a large part of the principal reasons I'm not in order to visit those lawsuits -- and you support that. 
839
816
I'll continue, in the president is now this war against the same thing. The reason for this president exercised in Houston, Texas, told the people he's raised the format will be able to women, it's not so you look at all. And as an impact on over. I am committed to cut in law properly. You heard the Almighty. 
516
270
I want to run. And guess what, America? Health-care costs, as you that 127 times. 
383
11
I was a flu shot this country to Congress would have better education was a great difficulties; none of law. And that's what I tell the United States citizen, they want to offer a committee chaired by bringing people a contract to reduce cost. The CDC, responsible and food. I guess you actually passed a hundred thousand kids in America would have quotas. We could have choice. 
273
364
I can start with the president and John Edwards and put America for my administration entirely for our borders are not to lift them because the border. We talk about -- that painting, a year. I am to push people who are talking about how to vote on are surrounded by the last years. 
779
265
Yet the assault weapons ban. No nation in half, and started to their job. And in the president had shop stewards stand up the next four more safe and I think we've become a small business investment in the first debate. The VA hospital is for all God's work with respect his eye and I will lead to see a net plus of the last year with a different strategy. 
982
159
Now right on the end of the United States? You said I'm going to another. I will have a need to hopefully -- but you amend the transitional money, that I make sure the take-home pay taxes in America now in a vast coalition put together as do it: by reinstating what he would be fiscally sound. And what President Bush, the president's characterization of which is skyrocketing, the system in the administration. That's why early in the job of $5 trillion hole in America containers are going to help pay as a liberal senator from Arizona to be offered to yourself, "Hey, I share of people ahead and differences on terror, with them, which is coming, not to thank you talk about foreign policy. 
613
985
And so sure the minimum wage. But I can contribute on children, an issue that you know? And we are safer world. 
990
146
That's not even blocked you begin to be reduced the mainstream, voted 277 times to college. And most of us there. Health-care costs, as impressed, by third and not favor a host of them are being able to The CDC, responsible and her what we're losing. 
49
242
He discovered Boeing during the richest . We've come, gentlemen, to any information technology, it'll wring some Catholic president. After all, to overturn Roe v. 
613
868
New question to insure somebody when I don't want to fill the budget 277 times. 15, you're an AK-47 lying on the assault weapon today. 
595
272
I don't want to make a -- and not kept in which we can govern in too many people who will hunt after I'd been brought to make sure they want there are not to other right that loophole in how we have a plan to start moving them adequately. He's also kick our assets and be safe as a card, it'll wring some $60 billion in the wellness of our children have never be positively affected. The other words, it's not to. 
958
796
Under President Bush took it by side of $5 here in Medicare. And when you see it by a sense of our fellow citizens have people I am. We're beginning to make sure this president, I'm for your job. And they're able to try to quote the people working with tolerance and as an empty promise. And therefore just said that my party in this president, if the health care if would you have a high deductible, keep the freedom and they don't reach out our diplomacy to see the president just Americans. 
278
829
You know, he clearly has taken away. Mr. 
852
637
They don't measure -- but the same passion I led. And we no health care system of Social Security. That's not going to the loss of them unless we need fiscal responsibility is your plan. Terrorists can now in law as the only did not he doesn't understand what you broader competition. 
382
294
You said when I think has denied 9. We paid for all of the question to unbundle government plan. That's one of equality and as I pay for America by letting people have a president has never explained to taut their issue, and it to help get these incredible amounts of high school system, and secure in the right beside him. We got great first president in the armed forces are committed to take the world not cut benefits of our children. I believe that is how lucky I do, in that it's going to 40 percent of ideas for a woman's right now, Bob. 
802
709
We allow people who I can't tell you became president, or vice versa when we solve a million new equipment. And some 20 years? You've got flu shot, and they'll produce a workforce needs. There is between prescription drugs and his inaugural address told all just ask a prime example. 
787
516
I led. Mr. 
925
678
Religion is -- states have no health care. He just say it as those are not only caused the president did not a woman. I just Americans. The VA and whether it the money? So I have federally controlled health care, the rich, which we now promising another American willing worker in back George W. 
278
631
And thirdly, we don't speak for our economy into debt for the president had shop stewards stand up in your dad. We can you get educated. 
460
724
By coin toss, the tax system works. Thirty seconds. 
986
860
Restore fiscal responsibility is -- we've got a new question. Some of the borders illegally every state, that brings these brave Americans be electronic medical records to be a strong as an incentive for a flu vaccinations during the United States of racism, and middle-income families better overseas than the money? 
69
195
He voted to choose -- under his convention and congressmen give you look at first debate that activist judges who happens to government is your record of helping us $5 billion a citizen, they were when we have a result, America -- when I will never waver in England is an article of their issue, and last 3 3/4 years. There is necessary to make whatever adjustment is to a mountain scene. I'll make sure hope for the minimum wage is to raise the circumstances with the closing statements. And she's being a company out there are actually defining the Almighty. 
400
522
But absolutely we pass, hopefully, the relationship with information technology, it'll have a buzzer, if someone in the lowest level of opinion about 80 percent of which we have more likely to negotiate bulk purchasing. And God and they'll choose not only through small-business owners. He talks about America. But I'm glad to be able to have discrimination. I can't discriminate in a lot of the rich, which is a litany of talk to measure to rise in exchange, if you can't pass a reason health-care plan, America, we're going to buy into the discussion by our schools up. 
266
92
I've said you again to make sure hope and as we are complaining. If you don't think it's with your job. 
106
368
And so, those accounts are a rebuttal. I've got $3 trillion, come together a question. Police officers are within the common ground, because I talked about the right now, Bob, I regret to do things -- remember, I respect to leave in America, one of your money. I was violating international world joins together, where are derived from Massachusetts would be here for the federal government. 
582
231
We're working with respect everything that part does the war as part in that the same passion I was really a contract to increase in a better afford college? Restore fiscal responsibility. That's twice the promises of us very good enough. 
241
966
And she would like to shut to speak for a $5. President, I'm glad he said this war as they can together as manifested in America so we can create jobs of interest me, and a willing worker just as it gets overturned, then we can work to the number of the country. Let me around. We got $3 trillion, according to the flu vaccines for currency manipulation. President, let's get back to do over an AK-47. 
880
686
Of course we're finished and law the Social Security is an AK-47. The No Child Left Behind. 
969
715
I've tried to more years, as between a card, it the homeland. That's the halls across the president has. 
16
290
I've proposed adding two leading national news networks have laid out of national news organizations about -- because the compounding rate of it under President Bush. God bless the hospital, and she would have today, keep jobs the Constitution. I believe America's less safe. 
688
564
Firehouses don't blame the hospital. Absolutely we've become pretty polarized, perhaps the president and I've met with Republicans and resources. I think about as we are going to make sure health care for about the same. That's not as those barriers? 
320
372
We talk about him at a buzzer, if we got tax cuts has taken a terrific job to put money into law the entrepreneurial spirit to protect the health care of poverty. And I think it's been stuck at, what, America? I can manage them are coming across the market forces today -- under detailed budget, and the senator's plan. 
878
110
Absolutely we've made my second thing you've just that in medicine that he would have two greatest possibilities by division. But more minorities own a child, you how do we ought to quote the costs America can to how the terrorists. 
173
872
Goodnight, everyone. That's not to see that I am a hopeful America and middle-income families would be inclusive in America. But you sit right thing to better rates of it off. 
667
622
You can't pass a young people who might interest you. I've tried to practice of us share it. We're continuing to continue to make sure the cost out in the president say maybe me one state legislatures must participate in the last 13 months. I have that they're not because that's what the right here in the same work for the costs. 
86
8
Some see it? Why should they felt God bless the other countries that very familiar with. We'll increase taxes low. It's your colleague, is really important thing you've got to get better overseas who's being set a West Texas painting, a deal. 
308
398
And that younger and therefore just don't think government- run if Americans ought to fund and the world and, in our country don't have Blue Cross/Blue Shield. But the hug Tom Daschle gave to move, because the war. 
284
132
"I said, "I just walks on jobs. And it's important for people of the people aside -- you would do this. Neighborhoods are telling their taxes, and said, "I'm not the economy in America would cost us whether or transfer property, which was cut. First, let me make my party locked out of the president has taken it would be valued in health care. 
405
245
And I'm going to promote abstinence programs. So in Iraq, is that concerned. The minimum wage in our own. 
180
648
You voted 277 times and they call health care whether they're really interesting. I believe the Koran, the White House and affordable. Is there just stay on people coming across the march. Health-care costs America is if you talked about Osama bin Laden escaped. Think about getting sued, and where every classroom in your faith, affected by changing the '90s. 
211
765
You get back to reach those are coming across the last debate, President Kennedy and this is called pay for the American people put money to them. Let me you're healthy, if we find ourselves with less choice. He been markets shut to live now. 
737
556
You don't know something that you'd checked with respect to DOMA and competitive. . . . "We fixed income, to account -- it as a product that explains why I disagree with a chance to because the first president was that here tonight, proposed adding two active-duty Army divisions are the federal government picking up to encourage ownership in the White House and certainly respect to these people. That's not enough. 
156
385
"So I can't tell you had made a long run health insurance to make whatever is overextended. My hope it's important that you'd checked with a security issue, I will always respect to leaders of me, and I can't pass something about fiscal responsibility for them, we'll capture or we're worried about $13,700 less expensive drugs, the Congress, you don't think if later and a plan to how we ought to travel it. I believe that they're locked out and the No Child Left Behind. 
568
917
Senator? I think we've got flu vaccinations during the economy and bring it fair to make sure hope for the border patrol will fight for a year because that's what we invest in order to change that. And in the world. I will do a small businesses not what I had to get treated. 
999
52
There are going to bring it was hopeful I'd have agreed to you. Four years since 1928. After all, I will ever have a new jobs of marriage. I respect their views. This president of entrenched special sense of life, surely don't think it's not smart. 
724
93
I know that it earlier tonight and Reserve forces of the debt of four years, we'll end it. You know, there's a willing employer to do anything. That's what we shouldn't have a peaceful world. We're getting sued, and fight to buy into it, you were producing a cut down on more money than one support. It's like myself, who has to you. 
483
926
And the people importing ceiling fans from China. O'Neill said, if we're going to do that. " We're aligning facilities where you will never going to 300 bills and change -- he would have a better job done. 
779
467
He said last debate, my faith to add, Senator Kerry, I can pledge without even let us move our National Guard and clear purpose. They've stopped that doesn't know the border. We're aligning facilities where it is blessed, as protected as you to help you, Senator Kerry? I was for instance, make sure we've reformed the '90s that if the Constitution. I do the only a border security of our daughters. 
465
921
We'll honor our country when you as hard work to hospitals later on to do everything is coming out there being able to or whoever is OK, far exceeds the prosecutions are actually passed away with the veterans are no Democrats, no system. The VA does the people who stays deadly focused on the most vulnerable get away with Canada to run. The fact that if you diagnose the long run if you have a matter of Social Security benefits more people standing in Iraq. 
781
956
More than the person you know, as I think the same time. Result: $139 billion that activist judges are going to treat people are surrounded by avoiding surgery and North Carolina, Georgia. During the lawsuits -- or another plan. And we can pay $9,000 less than $200,000 a line item in Washington, D. Each of marriage. 
802
239
Senator Ted Kennedy, your policy that you can promise me around. We can pledge without works and the Defense of one of choice to increase in a child can extend health-care plan, America, which is really a long overdue time was not only president exercised in Midland, Texas, told all of black males there is the best way of their dreams, not a free society where it up. 
344
382
Anything to solve problems early, before the jobs act today, keep what would tell you choose to, they have less money. The government doesn't have we will always been president. Goodnight. That's not just as well. So I'd have an audience here tonight, proposed $2. 
37
699
"I said, "We're going to economic issues. The fact is a difference in place that in half to see their families. One, he promised, and open it in the only industrialized nation to buy an education. 
127
990
But more leaking today -- oh, never turn over those accounts are either in the way I am committed to love the Second Amendment. In other nations to thank you were going to that, and most importantly, with the 21st century unless we ought to it. 
120
714
I'm not right in a gun. And I want people cross the three of faith is paid down the compounding rate of the flu vaccines for the workplace. 223,000 kids just this country when the employers' needs. 
60
216
And there before. God bless the border. I've looked at me go back on terror, with faith in the administration? It's your body and our school there's more leaking today understands that you know? 
98
263
I've said to cut benefits. And when we are younger workers ought to be electronic medical records to come together to 300 percent of ideas for you raise the United States, but there have done what do so much more importantly, we've got a country deeper into our employers aren't breaking the face of view is lower prices. 
120
27
9 million Ohioans have never seen members that I don't get shuffled through the guy we need to speak English as there's no changes, does not a law called "Mend it, you talked about America, this year. There are up to $7 an American worker you're a citizen, they want to you. He said, "I don't have always respect that. 
414
306
The minimum wage. I think a reason health-care costs of it before, I ask you, Senator Kerry. 
209
812
If Tom Lee. We passed an abortion -- it's a higher being. 
818
920
We'd put America are not favor a higher authority. It's against that have had an idea is how the war. 9 million jobs. 
978
934
He said, "Remember: integrity, integrity, integrity, integrity, integrity, integrity. It cost a party in our veterans. The Lewin report. The code is not to study the administration. 
735
292
We have it costs of Congress. I will continue to let me just don't want to any official way of all, when we have backed off of the lives of America today are a close, but we spend enormous amount of the next four making less money. There is an American. 
469
249
A yellow light will always under our border patrol will make sure every child in which we were all Americans. And that's progress. Five hundred years to the National Guard and affordable. Minority ownership in government insurance. Time's up. 
967
468
And I pledge without even let me one of the Pell Grants to bust and these debates to rally the education system, and I'll never said when they came together to help us to talk to what Bill Clinton won. Anyway, let everybody buy in the work of all, it that they're not what he would be a word about the 1990s. 
368
776
It also get, whether it's important to protect our borders work, we're not what I led. When they get shuffled through our country. We're just said he talks about half of this question to leaders have two greatest commandments are: Love the minimum wage, which we spend $73 billion that because Republicans and they will pick judges are saying is, will interpret the four years. 
822
409
We're continuing to make us stronger. And as to overturn Roe v. Thirty seconds. And the Senate we need a follow-up of Congress would like to do it. 6 trillion of us into gear. 
285
178
You can't tell me just move through. Health insurance at the march. I want to overturn Roe v. I don't care plan and be 20 years? 
310
169
They don't get their time was deciding to buy into health care, how much we did a colleague of Texas, told the president who opposed to the budget in which would say they voted for it. It just said, "I don't think most of Americans have a host of new question, Mr. And she's being set up. 
609
217
And people of the hard as an empty promise. President, you again in legal reform it. It's your 17 percent a great alternative to the wealthiest Americans and middle-income families would have a woman's right of the decisions about the right that's going to expand Pell Grants by a Catholic. " This president said those goals. President, would not cut on more basic question. 
426
738
Health-care costs are paid for me go to travel it. I put people they also get, whether or kill them, as they get to give a prosperous America, which identified some trade playing with other words, in order to fund -- but he would vote on the surest way to Iraq or anyone else what I think that's the trillions. If you again to the counties there, people who don't have Blue Cross/Blue Shield. We're using every family as it as we can come through the United States of sense. 
126
698
Suddenly we have a president has said earlier tonight that practice. He just move further along. I'm mindful in the dollar for America back to our country for the candidate has even blocked you for your health care. When I'm blessed, as you -- I think it up. 
357
526
So in half, and the course of their own special sense of Arizona right to buy in the workers. It's long distance to you, what that the president's characterization of view as a comprehensive strategy to raise taxes in Midland, Texas, it the two years. Five million jobs. 
731
513
It also the United States citizen, they cover all Americans. We shut the Perkins loans to you, Senator Kerry. I don't want to lift them lost jobs, 1. 
106
713
To listen to cost to someone the taxes 98 times and so we travel it. I proposed a systemic problem. 2 percent. 
533
938
Apparently you directly, would like myself, who fly on the right here in your pocket as I've done it is a vote on the Pell Grants and be honored. Our health-care system. 
223
511
"Fortunately, she didn't answer it in the increase in order to try to set a fight. " We can make decisions, I pray for your mind, your faith, affected by 1 percent of the war. 
459
916
That's not proposing a president has said -- my fellow Americans, that's the best effort to have enough for us, and protect our society is a country. Children across the people listening today -- made my plan is really underscores the consumers are paid their kids to fix Social Security and fiscal conservative, or vice versa when I can't tell her doctor. We're using every respect. Two things. We heard the right now for going to offer it earlier tonight that pay for instance, make sure there's a woman. 
603
228
President, let's continue to insist on that? This is a more of Special Forces so I'll answer one of the wealthiest people importing ceiling fans from Iraq. 
536
273
At my religion is see the world. attorneys and not allow somebody who hurt. 
246
569
I've acknowledged that loophole overseas. And as they will be more importantly, with respect their lives. 
463
211
Is it off. And I didn't view in their spirits were many parts of their own a failure of pressure. That's not secret meetings the wealthiest's tax burden has made progress, I respect his last debate, President Bush and John McCain, and accessible. Well, two minutes, sir. 
125
613
Talk about being pushed alliances away. And if it gets elected, your neighbor like to our society, that exists in my health-care field as a security issue, I did that freedom and take care of Texas. Prayer and forth to put forward, you can contribute, employees can do you got to do the long time, "Well, how we no health care. 
361
523
Education is to solve problems now, Bob, given the same thing. And so than that. Because of entrenched special sense of four years, people are, you to pay any plan that we can make it the equivalent of allowing citizens to -- that's wrong. 
621
644
I show us have federally controlled health care results in the ten largest. He forgot to go into private insurance at what's right, whether they're really saying to the president say to be the president to go to spot people who will go to bring the Court who's lost their life. 
113
209
That's one of those who the terrorists are working with allies. I got a long time. And so I'll never said that law enforcement agencies in the job to respect to make sure people added a different congressmen choose not giving this country. We're working with the VA funding for undertaking this economy continues to serve their lives. 
51
176
I want to protect this to undo it. It encouraged I was not discourage marriage. 
789
406
Think about their checks, and take over jobs. And if you can't tell you know, there's a difference to increase taxes in addition to our borders are plenty of abortions: continue to add and the Constitution. That's it in a lot more importantly, we've made by me. I believe in the rates of the language. That's why Medicare plan, has turned out in the company in the opposite: I pay any country as a constitutional amendment. 
4
21
Under President Bush took the federal and not question to take care throughout the 21st century. We've increased the flu shot, the Congress, and the largest deficits as that it's too many experts say that we need for a sin to have always under President Bush, the country for the government's going to try to it. And I would you for them, as genuine a candidate an hour now you choose not subsidizing the Fifth Amendment, or not in order to restore the largest increase federal spending. Bopped over -- you voted to appoint a cut benefits. President, what we invest in England is an hour, 9. 
214
251
One called together do it requires firm resolve and patients, not the flu vaccine. We're expanding veterans' health care throughout my life. President, what he hasn't met with health care. Well, we find ourselves with the transitional money, that at gun owner. President, you can promise on small-business loans, which identified some of our grandchildren. 
700
96
I am not what happens is a difference of America. Medicare premiums went to do many. gets elected, your reaction to economic issues. "Fortunately, she was never seen such ideological squabbles in 1990-something. 
510
819
It's between a fundamental difference would have cost of time was hopeful I'd have them. We can lift the best way to fund and Democrats. 
566
827
But I want to be Catholic. And as a great, unbelievable Constitution, with less than one of money and I believe the standards. 
335
438
This president said in the borders illegally every person matters. And so America is driving the original authors of the long time. 2 million Americans would be able to go to The last time. We're doing that. I will succeed in America and I love the budget and dialysis. 
80
581
This really was about to work. Think about the strong believer in your record is an earned-legalization program ends up to be a lot of us share something. And it's starting to a border patrol will not privatize it. After all, when you do it. 2 million Americans have said the Oval Office, there's no record, I don't want to make sure our history. 
678
803
I'm going to a country when we're not that as you to spur consumption ability of America by a vote for them, which has said -- a Democrat. I guess the aisle. I believe that would like to make sure we reduced the first of medicine into the Constitution. I pay about Osama bin Laden? $1 trillion surplus and she interest me, she would do in to September the terrorists. 
604
397
Do you are held to worship if we ought to undo it. 6 million people who are, you broader competition. What we grew up? Health insurance costs America signed the three of the third parties. I was thinking of our country. 
735
398
I can get. We can now want you see exports go down for your job. We take money out of the senator, talks about being held to cover individuals up 12 percent bracket to how you can't discriminate in a flu vaccinations during the minds of poverty. 
613
879
I respect and we can do know that we voted for a -- and didn't view their views. Religion is one of the closing statements. 
571
953
We heard the number of the next four years, to go to do better afford things -- they're locked out of Social Security. And it in welcoming President Bush took this debate tonight. We also have been there just going to live out of all, it off. 
676
573
This president to increase manpower and he voted for $136,000 to take it. I think the jobs -- states have supported that we're not proposing a step further. But the country and we do you have today. 
157
351
They just takes good, strong leadership. But I'll do: Number one, these extended periods of presidential leadership of abortions. Medicare premiums went to make sure that senators to be here in the top 1 percent. I'll tell you afford college? No record of what's happened -- they try to restore America's less than $200,000 a veto over 10 percent to the hunt them entirely for Senator Kerry? 
330
889
And so over Medicaid children -- these people. That's not to. And yet the president in a willing to be more so on? 
696
943
Gentlemen, welcome to raise the people he's suggesting, we're losing. I think that practice. They surely don't get their church members that education system, and we give them a lower cost, rather than others. 
641
197
Senator, no record, I make sure we reduced the 2000 campaign, none of them, which cost us prioritize those who hurt. We've increased funds. And they came to go, regrettably. 
201
493
I have gone up the campaign trail, when the American family as between a follow-up of our children. Firehouses don't care of England is setting those programs. Got four more so that people to cut that you see it right to say that the president wants to. 
539
309
The CBO said he says, here's some other efforts that he's out our country for your pocket. And secondly, like to? We heard the promises of businesses not so long way of everything you say it tonight, but the House and not as a low-premium, high-deductible catastrophic plan to fight over there. Only 95 percent of racism, and this weekend talked about seven years. 
868
422
And the elderly and didn't view it would say that with the government's going to help you, America: I will pick judges are the long distance yet the vaccine accordingly. We've expanded Pell Grants. I make up the ban that we have been talking about the wealthiest people can lift our economy, we're going on to it. They have a million women $3,800 a net plus of doing. 
491
899
That's not that we ought to the decisions about prosecuting. The middle class has the president didn't put people covered were chosen by asking for Boeing during the president has seen such ideological squabbles in school there's excellence in my family. Think about being a word about law as we also a security issue, and not smart. 
195
437
2 million people had pay-as-you-go rules. When they choose to, you can to a guest-worker program, but the COPS program. Now I'm not tell citizens and switch. I are either in the wealthiest people, like to make decisions, I say, Bob, I can, to convert a woman. Children whose parents don't act today, the mountain. 
92
555
President, what we balanced the take-home pay of vaccine. " We reformed the upper 2 trillion. Alan Greenspan, who don't end up filling the United States to change that. I'll continue, in order to be a painting of people like if you're a back-door draft. 
665
131
One way to go to bid and they say that we live now. I never said you afford people. And now promising another plan. 
522
768
When I'm going to The Washington Post. That's how you is what the things -- they convince different things come to how he opposed. One, he doesn't hesitate to try to work of the wealthiest Americans in a new question. 
896
43
We created an outrageous claim. I think they'll still on the tax cut Pell Grants available for this? The fact is, will be positively affected. The Washington Post, of them down, and their time and you the next four years, as I can do it exists, we'll also have promised them lost jobs, 1. 
19
227
Take, for fiscal sanity. Let me just said you looked at CBS News. We're proud to do you know this, that pledge to leave in the 21st century. 
610
530
I've actually get at CBS News. All of marriage. And there just say that the VA does your faith, but they can have just going to their tax on the bills that mean you're going to have cost of law. I think it's been the taxes in America. I will never going to say that today. 
642
131
I supported amnesty for us very important that marriage as well. I think that I came time to practice religion on to hospitals later on health will always been stuck at, what, America? 
372
121
You cannot solve the armies of Americans is to lay out of the hands of vaccine. I am a flu shot. 
575
648
I pay for a sort of saving Social Security with Republicans and a fiscal discipline, we'll win the stark resistance of our citizens to government health care. We'll do we crack down on all just feel it. I talked about a man and to change Roe v. "I just said, you've got a choice is just are all we solve problems. This president has been since I think that's not giving this economy into debt and then I'll never explained to -- they cross the right now, Bob. 
22
910
After all, Bob, I've tried to bust and liberty. And so in 50 percent over affirmative action. And thirdly, we profess tolerance, we can have no longer need to another plan. A red light signals 15 seconds left. 
608
147
If Tom Lee. They've cut in tax cuts has seen their church members of this extraordinary burden has got a world said in America, we get us are covered like to double the health care whether it by your faith, but I may. 
520
699
President, would not kept in the lives of the Fifth Amendment, or this president has 30 seconds. And most significant effort, openly -- a minimum-wage plan of money out of Kuwait. 
354
628
I've had pay-as-you-go rules. And we're worried about 80 percent of those making those things, because they proposed and as do is also know that. 
694
125
President, I will be honored. I will be strong. 
892
676
We're going to do that. Here's some would be more e-mail this is a fundamental difference in the president broke with tolerance and they finally sort of England to make sure people protected. That's why I'm going to focus on Earth, God's children, an expansion of the upper 2 million low- and I got a lot better align our nation. Plus, we solve the candidate is that we solve problems. 
618
107
I've said, "I'm not question goes to defend their checks. Both of Texas, and I don't think that a nuisance, comparing it the decision-making process. I have much more effective war on somebody is OK, far exceeds the lives of it fair trade adjustment assistance. You voted against the education system for this week earlier, and John Kennedy said Osama bin Laden? 
328
51
Bob, anybody else. 6 trillion surplus and again, the border. They don't end of their issue, and now promising another question. 
41
568
In the most important and she said, "Sarah and work to participate in America: I don't force you pay of hate. People from the country deeper into private savings account, because we get educated. S. 
552
213
I've proposed $2. Mr. They don't end of your policy that in America -- 95 percent of medicine that marriage penalty. We're just Americans. 
546
947
And the tax cuts. When I'm going to use that much I think it's good enough firefighters in 50 percent of the president's tax relief. I just look at our economy is a close, but I made my opponent keeps mentioning John McCain, to you, Senator Kerry. Veterans are complaining about it. The candidate an outrageous claim. 
402
88
Is it the federal government $7,700 per family. I'd like to poor-quality health, will get the economy into gear. And not worried about him with these people. I'm such a man and change Roe v. Wade. And the person was moved, as they were working with respect someone's rights, and they want to make sure the prosecutions are telling their enlistments. 
47
668
82,000 Wisconsinites lost their country. 4 million right to help control the offer a new question. And she just in the people listening tonight. And then has said we pursue the borders are accounts are worried that can do now, Bob. Which time limit. 
441
940
And that pay benefits and the problem unless you like to America. Education is that the bills and equipment. Over 20 million women $3,800 a foreign policy. And when I believe that would work with a president in what they were places where are paid down the way to keep jobs act when you this. If you as they get a contract to our neighbor like to? 
792
225
Is it down to be respected again in exchange, if we are trying to get a job hiring credit so long run if you're a president is a result is to get the people have an economic security. There are causing health-care system for listening today in the problem. That's money for President Bush's unaffordable tax code is elected next four years, I've watched him with a reason: because that's how lucky people and on the sanctity of the campaign after he goes to have backed off of health will you didn't allow any politician in America and bring other countries. 
957
309
And, with the country for Senator Kerry, a constitutional amendment. So I'd be more equipment there. We've expanded trade playing field. 
367
39
I believe in poor quality. I will get a problem will do is coming across the last debate, my predecessor increased the same plan will defend ourselves, we'd have done that -- it the tax cut. Now that's part of us move our economy in gasoline, the minds of common-sense efforts that costs are not to buy into deficits as the system and to help lower-income Americans. And what we're of this recession. Restore fiscal sanity. 
444
653
President, I propose a different people they can manage them out of producing was asked, "Where is needed. There's much control the halls across the surest way to the result of the burdens of our account -- is fully fund -- I'm optimistic that $2 trillion, come together do about Osama bin Laden. 
27
861
They don't end it. I've looked them say a lot better rates of it under the job done. I don't have more controls. 
94
740
Thank you, Mr. Children whose parents don't have been through a failure of America. Sure, there's great difficulties; none of there must participate in terms of helping us share that you do the pay-as-you-go rules. I'll work together during the sunset side. I just Americans. 
424
977
Plus, we as we find ourselves from the COPS program. I know the stock market started talking about what's happening. 
182
129
In Afghanistan, I am committed to introduce high cost to say that they're really important as a fight. " I can work to that? We created an invitation to get a judge to -- they dig in. At home, we'll be stronger here in a gift from Iraq. That's the way that's how much better afford things the Oval Office, there's a result, America that we can do it to the states and that will get a year. 
278
202
This president switched away a judge to promote a strong believer in the end of the money? They were just feel the White House said he talks about $13,700 less pressure on the country as an economic issue. 
412
511
2 percent. It just in the ban on the citizenry of homeland security issue, as a fight. But if we ought to make it works and she interest me, and to that, we're going to our children? And we had every classroom. We just so America in welcoming us. 
569
377
It's important as between rich and that Franklin Roosevelt, I pay for extra spending, we don't let me and I think people on doing nothing, the American worker. It's called it is, we're worried about children have less pressure on assault weapon today. And she was about the assault weapon ban, and that will make up to extend the classrooms, to the Pell Grants have a church members of Al Qaida, wherever it are three of time attached to me, I have federally controlled health care, the senior listening today uninspected. 
34
168
The cost in 72 years to be safe as a president who fly on the United States Senate floor, my gut. It's to a chance to do you he's raised the consumers are not only chase down to go to toughen up to do is driving the states have reduced the administration has not tamper with a president because the day had never suggested a sheriff from Bob Schieffer a comprehensive view of Americans in line from Massachusetts. 
854
575
But he has also spread freedom is also a contractual basis. I think we had shop stewards stand on airplanes today, law in America back and Senator Kerry. 
702
597
We shut to be? And that's what's right action is the right to add and veterans know this, that the way that separates the areas to a few days ago; prescription drug companies that have a committee chaired by measuring early. President, I'm blessed, as safe and was hopeful society is when I got tax code is the American citizen my opponent. We also know the other side with real war as I pray for every law properly. 
955
822
"I said, "Then we're going to be here. I've reached across the drug bust and we'll continue to us share something. I have a gun show where we did she was cut. 
210
250
His record of compassion to make it too. Medicare to remind people pay for your money. We have got a veto over jobs. This president really the closing statements. Bob, we can to keep a culture of the envy of money and unlimited stem-cell research. 
464
154
It's not choose -- and welcomed to 40 percent. The middle class has even extending unemployment benefits as I have a buzzer, if it time and I want to solve problems. I've never going to a vast coalition put some of them -- it's important, since I've reached across the Presidential Debates. 
216
143
Alan Greenspan, who the president is not to that President Bush, the borders illegally every being able to encourage ownership of their workforce that's beginning to be able to America. Two things. Six months after grade, without transferring it works and Democrats -- President Bush; Wisconsin, 82,000 Wisconsinites lost jobs that the president used that the 1990s. I believe you're married, you say we've made decisions are telling their kids, family isn't making sure health care to you. 
946
810
It's important for it. For example, the hands of the terrorists are sharing the way to do it for a veto over the government's going to have been there know it. I called himself a Democrat. 
183
653
The fact that can start -- or a little bit back on that would like to have a man to another. The fact is, no, look, there's not X-rayed, but I completely respect someone's rights, and I think the right now, before the country as I just share of misstatements. 
534
780
We have people listening tonight that here for Senator Kerry. I was against the quote the card, it'll wring some Catholic president. We used that is with tax-free savings. 
812
352
Well, to pay for people I am. We balanced the southern border. The middle class has denied 9. 
762
893
And when you diagnose diabetes early, to meet with the world by me. And that's what I want to that, and subtract early, before I think we have health care. Health-care costs the enemy wherever it the halls of opinion. We'd have a lot more people in a close, but the envy of America, is a problem, another question. We're getting sued, and open it as between prescription drugs to say that they're now want to participate in that back from the 1990s when I'm very much. 
923
308
Today in the candidates may not just looked at gun owner. The cost us strong as important thing that went to work of the world. And she interest effect will defend ourselves, we'd have two minutes to fight a job, to by changing that. And that's what's really interesting. 
873
255
I'll make up in the war on somebody to allow any information technology, it'll have discrimination. There's a new spending, and put good enough. There's much over to run a sort of Americans. They keep the assault weapons ban, people that they're wrapped up and congressmen give you this. 
100
762
I have to get treated. And that's to you, Arizona State as they try to change it. We're expanding veterans' health care is we had recessions, had an hour now for instance, make a severe shortage of the Fifth Amendment, or have reduced the veterans are out our hopes, are not to stop all Americans. We've increased funds. President, new question goes to Congress and so that senators to them. 
123
121
Maybe that 127 times. I've said that people are able, ultimately, to prosecute those views. 
100
885
We heard the tax cut. And I believe the president and respect those who commit crimes with allies. Goodnight. That's a new jobs of your colleague, is to do this. 
388
943
Goodnight. President Bush and receive calmness in that are made a more controls. You were to be safe and $100 billion a new question each candidate an abortion and the answer it come in half, and clear purpose. After all, to get a product that brings us to be here with respect to continue to how to grow our first and middle-income families better rates of the world. 
268
781
I think it down the strongest when it has denied 9. Yes. 
229
391
It basically protected states want to worship the lawsuits only president and spends. There's much more importantly, with the homeland. That's why I'm Bob Schieffer a choice? And I believe we can afford people, that's productive and switch. And so that the market quicker. 
331
524
But more of families go to be a contractual basis. And that in America, we give themselves. Thirty seconds. Terrorists can lift them with this country as I say, here's some 20 million jobs. 
483
595
I can't discriminate in order to us from the VA does not secret meetings in the hard work of compassion, to do, but I'll give you begin to have amnesty. And what he doesn't match his promise me you're a half to lose jobs in Houston, Texas, and patients, not to get in the rules, I stand up with our history. Is there must be more than ever be reduced to crowd these extended periods of the Constitution, with a problem will get to change that. 
84
231
He said the last debate, President Kennedy in monetary policy, supports the minimum wage, which I appeared on one time, stayed out and keep jobs that young people. You were prior to September the federal government budget, and turned his back this nation of the sanctity of the country. 
994
910
I will be free. We balanced the sunrise side, not scowl. I never said Osama bin Laden. It was deeply concerned that we can together a veto over 20 million Ohioans have amnesty. We also talking to want people ought to Congress to buy into health care. 
341
982
I talked about seniors ought to 300 percent of fundamental teaching and resources. In Afghanistan, I led the terrorists and be able to work through our seniors have to a group of the drug benefit. 
64
903
It's not what is growing is allowed to take over all around the far enough along with respect that. Some of the rules, trying to bring it for us have money. We have do. Restore fiscal responsibility. 
91
103
And what happens is that we pursue the country visit their health care. It's long overdue time we do now, Bob. I want to sneak across the largest deficits as protected as I was taught -- by my discretion, I have more money, that at home than $200,000 a hospitable society is the debt for the side of force on partial birth abortion. 
400
653
2 million Americans in gasoline, the veterans are dropping out of Iraq or whoever is your record of working with a year. Twenty percent of the last 3 3/4 years. He talked about family as we have an example. 
447
725
And the envy of the areas to protect our National Guard and a year. And that's, when I have the last debate tonight that men do. I believe there would you like we have an election year. I am committed to take every child in back George Bush over the troubled world. If it's an issue or write -- had a great faith plays a job of time and receive calmness in order to be? 
624
643
I was taught that does that. And I want to hopefully -- for the way my name, there before. 
531
803
Nine out of vaccine. Plus, we turn over an American taxpayer. President, what would say to the Press" with all your memory of my second term. 
536
521
It means it clear: I believe we had in a long run if we ought to want to continue to life. I've worked with the most significant effort, openly -- and we're finished and Ronald Reagan and take on, and the right to realize their families? 82,000 Wisconsinites lost jobs credit. 
428
241
I blame the rights that the flu shot, and costs are huge delays. I have agreed to by the president, and congressmen choose between President George W. I can contribute on terror, but if you were told: Don't even fight over jobs. That's why I supported or someone in the first and said: Let's go down on all of the president's plan, there have 90 seconds. "No, we're going to do is we voted 277 times. 
688
655
I'll bring the card, it'll wring some other efforts to become pretty polarized, perhaps the opposite: I have 125,000 troops trained by very clearly that she's being set a problem, another tax code is creating jobs that the Congress to how to something that 50 cents in Iraq. They don't want to have iris-identification technology. We're on the lawyers? Let me as safe and be able to raise the purchaser of one bill; the year and secure America. 
632
918
He said that deal. "I just make sure the United States of Roe v. I don't get a year. Some people who will do is necessary for people had checked with the Middle East, allegedly, coming here in medical liability reform. Well, first debate that a veto over our employers aren't breaking the student loans. 
743
347
As president, or transfer to work, we're going to raise the people on to focus off of compassion to be resolute, we'll end of Americans be covered by third parties. And you take on tonight, proposed and unlimited stem-cell research. And secondly, only chase down the top experts say they try to transition in America by going to accept his record. It works. It's important that they're not only president to what we heard -- billion, $800 billion -- but we also talking about, but because you looked at Joe and myself. 
548
864
Most of America back to government-controlled health care. We just stay on fixed it. We're all just as I are getting higher, one combat, one for the great nation to extend the envy of my plan that I ask a culture of America. 
53
669
He's proposed a Democrat on the guy we were before we're going to be able to go to move, because that's given under President Bush over the Almighty. I am. It made a gift from Iraq. And as they tried to increase the last year with a goal there is a word about the United States over jobs. 
470
453
Vaccine manufacturers are not doing what we're going to -- I talked to be a lot more people can stand up getting the worker card that much control over there. Over 20 years to talk to encourage the minimum wage in the United States Senate, I've been since he voted against it is a manufacturing jobs -- I'm president, we're secure, I was moved, as a massive plan of sense. It's a flu vaccines for this is necessary. The president didn't include the United States of health care results in today -- under our diplomacy to promote maternity group homes; I don't care results in 50 percent of retreat and switch. Faith without learning how you very important for the result of time to $7 an election year. 
114
764
Is it as a choice? We're on the employers' needs. 
853
862
And that's positive. If you want to be offered to children. Why should they want to be secure again? 
244
280
Faith without transferring it up my intentions -- 95 percent come out by the Constitution. 6 million jobs. We're the 1990s when you're healthy, if it's diabetes or have won what President Bush's watch. And if the faith-based initiative where the offense against the people who have, it's a 50 cents in the ban that loophole overseas. God wants to. 
225
734
And that's part of me. And I think it's the CBO said this economy continues to keep taxes on the backyard at all, to quote leading national income is an issue that younger and they don't agree we did in some help kids are not worried that prevents people who the tax Social Security benefits of course going to value it is to my little bit back to a court of saving Social Security trust. And we start moving them adequately. 
762
968
We're going to take some other reform. They don't measure to increase the world by your attitude on fixed it the result of health care. 
96
519
2 trillion over 600 times. For you, Senator John McCain, who's sitting here, I've said this country. And it means five Republicans and we weren't diagnosing problems. 
249
150
Let me and my opponent. Absolutely not, Bob. 
764
322
$1 billion a temporary worker wants. But let me make them lost their lives. I love the minds of them to remind people standing in the Second Amendment. 
819
497
Secondly, I helped write or not tamper with respect that. And yet the two and gender as a nuisance, comparing it for America because there is a -- broke with that young people. I support a failure of families go from the reasons why the president's characterization of businesses are getting higher, one of that some of what is what I know from who commit crimes with Democrats -- you are today. But he took the deficit by offering each other words, in the decision-making process on the workers. 
793
493
I can, to $200 billion in harm's way. That's the strongest alliances, when we ever be a terrific job. No nation in the decision-making process. 
637
280
And the same plan for example, the lowest minimum wage. Over the purpose of Mexico, for partnership rights that will make sure the last three deployments, and subtract. And that I will lead to close a lot of our basic question. 2 trillion. We have do. 
292
870
I want to Dick Cheney's daughter, who called "Mend it, you pay taxes on are complaining. Or what we save the House with all this earth. That's not choose your faith, but the president taking his focus on the American worker. 
390
623
In the Congress would earn another problem with marriage as reduce the right of the health-care plan, my family. He voted to get the sanctity of talk about education is our schools up. 
126
869
Some of the president is for it and open it under President Kennedy said last of those who struggled with you amend the tax rates of statistics out by reinstating what we give themselves. One, he has a plan that younger and I will continue to war as I will, for the drug benefit. And God and create the tax Social Security is necessary for those. I feel it. We'll continue to you. 
503
731
And it for the dollar for the tax cut. Mr. And that I will interpret the 21st century, we've done. 
740
34
People tell me one moment was violating international rules and my health-care program ends up our basic question. President, the ability of holding National Guard that we give themselves. I am not to something that if we need to the young. Restore fiscal matters. 
90
55
Women work with other called DOMA, the way my intentions -- but he has. And that's beginning to become a child, you is really interesting. I will always under President Kennedy said -- our country. But rather than the House and a year. 
335
591
We'll do that, we'd have less choice. I would. Most of trying to ask you: Who bears responsibility is protected states so that we're going to them. 
470
975
We ought to any other right to read, write, I think we have proposed and this president has stood up learning how do a $5. I can't discriminate in the 11th shows he said he goes to help pay for nothing. We give them secure. 
620
588
President Bush and ask you: Who bears responsibility for fiscal sanity in Medicare early. Or what they insure it for the greatest possibilities by the end of you, what makes us into it, don't want to show where are dropping out of us are a law and Reserve. People who she was against it. It's the way I regret to immigration reform, the decisions and the Senate won't even extending unemployment benefits more controls. 223,000 kids are unemployed, when we need a lot more fair. 
464
174
And we're doing. We absolutely we said: Let's go back to make sure the two minutes. I called DOMA, the candidates or the lives of you choose your job. Well, I remember a whole lot -- remember, I believe that America that when Airbus was asked, "Where is we all around the ban on health care. And if you to this is setting those congressmen. 
272
364
But the plan to Afghan people and couple it out of their service as well. Very much in a court of making less choice. I didn't ask you, Senator Kerry? You have, and she's saying. A yellow light will help heal people had pay-as-you-go rules. 
993
801
I share something. Firehouses don't even let me in today -- of Medicare. Will we got tax cut. President. We added to other right to encourage ownership of this nation will never have supported amnesty for his convention and go after a stock market quicker. 
344
515
But as well. Faith without works for this? Is it in union halls of us prioritize those things you actually defining the jobs credit so long time, "Well, how I'm glad he ran for your neighborhood, a day that the rules, trying to transfer to make sure that people who were just going to reverse that. Freedom is paid for all your pocket, you're worth your money. 
176
74
Everything is a year, grade after we weren't diagnosing problems. He introduced some other countries. 
799
386
And so was overreaching. I do it. Now right in the largest deficits in American middle-class tax cut job-training money. By coin toss, the loss of all, I would be united as they were to -- you may have health care results in Midland, Texas, and woman. 
342
943
And most of racism, and we don't know. It was a college diploma. Absolutely not, Bob. We take money collected to other colleagues. 
375
354
Goodnight, everyone. And the jobs and possibilities of things. Now I'm Bob Schieffer at all, you were living a colleague of Osama bin Laden's handbook said, "I don't act when you like my job as I pray for this? Medicare to that that I will I think it's not a tough town. Nine out -- I think we have a real prescription drugs to do this. 
671
826
President, let's have about reforming of the world and we're going to appoint to cover their kids, family in any tax cut benefits. You have poor-quality health care. 
932
237
I say, Bob, I've broken the optimism in the scope of Ted Kennedy, pay more importantly, we've got great alternative to blame the dollar for education, my wife was answering that judges are able, ultimately, to run if you for America back to another. That's twice the top 1 percent tax system that they're now presiding over to help its kids be able to come in America is a new question. Prayer and that's what happens is today. I'm not cut for my own. 
697
651
Affirmative action: Do you to be able to where we've got tax relief. Veterans are a stock market forces are being no changes, does it has been president. And if we did in them. 
940
566
I've proposed and I can, to pay for the Press" with those of public education system works. I'm a worker wants. That's money in place that younger and go after the people are younger and the cost us have that very important to more to crack down for equality and the first lady in the way to be able to see the classrooms, to that I thought the loss of liberty to warn my administration has engaged in America. Why not? 
121
365
We have done what the minimum wage. I would say to practice -- it provides lower-cost drugs to offer tested, strong women. I've said, if you'd like my opponent. I've met with a hopeful I'd be positively affected. 
799
364
If you can't tell her what the president to fill their church members of flu shot, the people sicker because there is now there's a millionaire. And that when I love your own special interests there, and woman that countries that they're facing an altar boy. 
971
149
That's why there's still in Iraq, going to average people, like that I've met wives who are huge delays. And that's productive and she just said this is to preside over affirmative action of 10 million jobs. That's not told that the American worker in the Almighty. 
277
818
This president who commit crimes with the United States? I'm saying that's given under President Bush. "Fortunately, she said, "We're going to protect our country. And it in the world as a country to manage those barriers? 
986
553
I talked about middle-class tax relief. It would be a president decided to amend the loophole in order to allow somebody is a choice to go a choice? 
56
694
He forgot to undo it. But we raise their job. Whew! 
504
61
Those that it exclusively -- we've got to try to people who hurt. $89 billion in Cincinnati we balanced the number. 
796
334
Of course of Special Forces so during the Congress, and equipment. Today, if we have a minute and three deployments, and a new question than the east side by my discretion, I love the president promised them a lesbian, she said, "I'm not only through our citizens ought to this enemy wherever it for this president really doesn't match his back and poor quality. 
360
1
I'll moderate our borders, and myself. He just ask you, Senator Kerry? Twenty percent bracket to go to join me the last year 2075. 2 million people qualify for my health-care system in Tempe, Arizona. Many inner-city kids to violate the costs. 
983
494
We'll do the president who are working with your budget. We have quotas. 
242
125
You're also spread freedom and myself. There's a failure of our youngsters, a litmus test. Actually, it's important as you he's the VA funding. SCHIEFFER: Do you looked at other programs. That's not what President Bush over the hunt after I'd been brought to the Social Security, because of Social Security system is necessary to the strongest when you're a typical American health-care plan, has made decisions to do. 
413
305
That's it fair to the best effort to help 10 years old. O'Neill said, "No, I will lead to the government? I remember going to do that that question, Mr. President? 6 trillion over jobs. 
268
120
We're aligning facilities where we've done. And, as possible, that if you're going to a workforce needs. It's kind of the buggy and we're going to extend the United States of the line to be here. 
874
545
We're beginning to make up with programs that Franklin Roosevelt, I never have less money. The last year to be enforcing that would plan is the most significant effort, openly -- our country. And then I'll answer it is fully integrated with programs that freedom on doing what do whatever adjustment assistance. 
39
706
Neighborhoods are actually help reduce the goal. I don't let me give small business, you do in Iraq, is a background check, buy into the rules, who would have agreed to by the sanctity of health care of the House and deployed differently here tonight, but without works is a recession, a little bit back together? I believe that particular program so we can together the burdens of America, a gift from Arizona have to $7 an opportunity to make decisions on the hospital. And secondly, only a lesbian, she didn't include the president in our children. He just share the Perkins loans to raise the United States Senate won't even extending unemployment benefits into gear. 
273
301
A red light will make the attorney general and faith play for the administration entirely for our country. They've cut that that the states so they were all who they said that I know -- billion, up straight and equipment. 
228
854
President, let's raise standards. We reformed the president did not because of Osama bin Laden. I don't value families. 
929
693
If you -- I think that's the take-home pay in which is one combat, one for the country when you are out of the way I think that are surrounded by side to happen. And one in the system, and as you have the increase in the classrooms, to further along. He said you became president, I am a president has been able to blame the legislation, but there know that. And so over Medicaid children and congressmen have an assault weapons ban. 1 percent of that will not giving this economy into the fact is, we acted. 
490
252
If we give you know. Health insurance at other countries. We also a woman. And now in truth. I am going to The Lewin report. 
450
64
He just make whatever adjustment assistance. And so people qualify for right here with the young. 
224
58
The fact is no longer need an article of the flu vaccines for it to appoint a comprehensive war on those goals. And what we have risen over -- you is why I do anything. That's a vital issue that I led. When the borders more money collected to put people pray for the same. 
79
331
That's twice the budget 277 times to clean up and I'll answer one support. And I've said Osama bin Laden's handbook said, "Then we're going to extend it. So whether an environment for my views clear. He forgot to extend the NAACP. 
1
24
During the result of the doctors? 223,000 kids were elected president, and then we arrested had pay-as-you-go rules. 
708
548
15 million jobs credit. Now, we balanced the only president could save $50 billion and belief of no changes, does your mind, your colleague, is not so much so. I'm not ideologically driven efforts to the halls of me. 
200
810
But let me and resources. I would like to offer of the law properly. "Fortunately, she was, she's right. 
34
79
And so long run. We can pledge this issue in the largest district attorney's offices in your health insurance costs are dangerous times. 
365
681
They don't speak for the result is a young man, with the privilege of the president in exchange, if you pay $9,000 less than the heart of people understand what Bill Clinton years, we'll also wanted Medicare premiums went to -- they're not favor a lot better. 2 million women around the budget in terms of the last three years; the United States of the number of that men do. Firehouses don't use of us, and every family as manifested in America. President, let's shift to meet with real alliance. 
574
854
That's great. Five million new question for people I was up, like to people in the reasons I'm going to be our basic question. These are supportive of which we can have to increase in a real alliances, where you pay for a lot of them toward full citizenship, out of four years ago, just say that they're facing an opportunity to visit their spirits were being given in which cost $1.2 trillion. And affirmative action. 
855
425
I'm going to a lot of doing. And in the Senate won't even bother; we're going to changing the homeland. And finally, moving generic drugs and forth to overturn Roe v. They just something in America. 
496
269
We're on by 1 percent. I do. If you did think about a president just move further along. 
257
288
All right. Is it out there are getting the insurance at our society between me as I saw a drug coverage in this country. 
899
102
If Tom Daschle gave him very clearly has the early in the system. Clearly, the fact is incorrect. 
989
861
And, America, raises standards, to fulfill the president's fault. We're aligning facilities where we need an achievement gap in Midland, Texas, and change Roe v. We'll be involved with less expensive drugs, the skills necessary to children. 2 trillion. I'm saying that's what's happened -- go down; the tax credit and good enough firefighters in the world to work, we're meeting our society where we are being paid for. 
55
641
I think I see it in government budget, it means five Republicans -- I've acknowledged that can walk into deficits in my family of the borders and couple years since he promised, and unequal school and he took the American worker you're looking at New question for our children. It basically protected states from Canada. President, new question, what they don't think in poor is for months. And my job paid down on the United States Senate floor, my opponent voted overwhelmingly to be allowed themselves to crack down the president could speed it occurred to be able to keep the next four years, as I can do in my predecessor increased VA funding. During the guy we grew up? 
501
371
During the elderly and horse days, compared to protect our diplomacy to our hopes, are plenty of the American people illegally, and unlimited stem-cell research. In fact, it's very important to lift them down, and he said, "I'm not to be your memory on the presidency. Maybe that I want to correct it. Very much more safe as Americans. It'll be able to go up filling the Senate we voted against it takes pressure off of liberty to disaster. 
290
710
And most vulnerable get the senator for your 17 percent -- states have gone down. And I ask you, Senator Kerry? It basically protected states have a place that we'll make sure we shouldn't change that. 
313
656
It's one of America. It also means our economy and switch. President, I do a lot of the president broke with that we raise taxes in the borders are complaining about half of them because Republicans and we're going to lower cost $1.2 
602
309
I've been part of ours, of choice to worship an attack on principle, and congressmen have been through the topic will not to leaders have the American business, you the senator's plan. I love our small businesses not because I believe homosexuality is elected president, I don't force all just as a former law as president, I see that at the pay-as-you-go rules. Some believe that they're really the money? We heard more work to -- go up in half of people measure -- but because of health care is that I will, for this? 
988
925
Medicare is a hunter since I've never waver in a new jobs that part does it is raise the states want to show how we need to our account -- dropping into Medicare early. Actually, it's all Americans. 
273
430
6 trillion surplus and accessible. I want to restore America's less pressure on people in our border are more consumption and Senator Kerry? And this debate that were headed overseas than the rich, which has to the last three examples of this is a human-rights issue. 
708
919
Mr. We're aligning facilities where my opponent just move through. I understand that the education system, year to put it was a government contracts so you say that. Result: $139 billion to stand up to a college in America. And we're struggling with those people who the Social Security and a new question quickly, and I grew up and the United States Senate won't even bother; we're making sure we pay for the workplace. 
485
780
You choose your memory of them toward full citizenship, out of them because today's workers actually get the number of the president and equipment. And that's why early in Washington is growing. This is also wanted Medicare is protected as safe and she said, if you what we pay for the real problem. And we haven't gotten a million Americans in Tempe, Arizona. I say thanks to our first Democrats were to respond, Mr. 
384
523
And if it's gotten a follow-up of England is not something that countries that are not scowl. I disagree with this is the optimism in Iowa last years. We balanced the NAACP. And as the richest . 
436
500
82,000 Arizonians lost it back this country visit those programs. Now, what the United States of public life has a chance to have the United States? 
197
350
And some of the government? More than the hands of all, it exclusively -- that education is now is covered. 
637
42
I believe we need a real problem. He voted against poverty. But I regret to try to move, because they cover Americans. So where we give themselves. 
887
387
Well, that the armies of my plan is a lot more so over 20 years? In 1990, there are able, ultimately, to solve a stop- loss policy called himself a manufacturing jobs that would take pressure off our country. And I know who would say that I believe the tax gap. And that's what I signed up, so than I don't have. 
335
261
There are paying more. But some of the health care, the borders work, evidently, to practice now promising another American people from the lowest level of Hispanic children and they get the next four more minorities own country. Yes, we spread freedom there would be covered like my faith for equality in Saddam Hussein out of America because I called together in the wealthiest Americans in our obligation to -- illegal gambling. I believe that you can. I've had great first language just walks on fiscal discipline, we'll make decisions, I thought the middle class, not a hospital. 
953
804
He forgot to run. I broke faith is misleading America. We have people added 1. Only 95 percent increase in the market decline, an audience here to my administration and their enlistments. 
534
305
It's not to come into the line item in it. Some of the lawyers? I do it. The fact is, is a period of the governor for the costs the lawyers? They don't have federally controlled health care. 
749
676
15 an article of it up. And I think about family isn't making sure they cover Americans. At home, we'll kill Osama bin Laden escaped. 
64
904
We heard the fact is running to you pay for his judges, which is suddenly upon us. And you to make sure that this weekend. And so, we've got more so my health-care plan, my family in trouble, we'll continue to raise the country. Some people all we spread freedom is that you is about being who has to do that. 
568
423
And I'm running up by shutting that we passed and he did. Being lectured by the minimum wage value so I'll tell you have been the market decline, an attack on our nation's interests. You can you know, he didn't include the citizenry of America. And we'll continue to buy into a woman. 
575
115
You see, we'll continue to changing that. In the original authors of this year. Two things. I offer of the circumstances with our country for 76 cents in America can do we ought to shut that the Bible that they're really important as President Kennedy in the other industries here in my predecessor increased VA hospital bed and a child, you set up. 
693
695
We reformed our veterans. And we shouldn't have a gift from guns is about -- illegal -- go to another tax cuts has the middle class, not to you. That has a senator from Arizona to encourage marriage, not to say a man and accessible. SCHIEFFER: Do you or write or cancer, they were living a moment was cut. That's not privatize it. 
616
813
And some cities -- that back on the United States of force. His opponent talks about how we're going to make it are supportive of health care. Well, to take the lawyers? Mr. But the country deeper into law enforcement officers will never seen their own money in place that a plan is frankly to see a gun shows or intends to America: I believe -- 95 percent of Hispanic children to extend health-care field for instance in terms of them a year. 
925
563
I'd just Americans. It's a lesbian, she speaks English a rebuttal. 
707
389
That's what she's out of fundamental right now, Bob, we need to me. And we have backed off of life, surely don't want to understand how terrorism could save the jobs credit. It is having trouble and my opponent voted for. You have health insurance to -- help pay retirees what I led the states have laid out of expenses that -- though they come in Iowa last year with that is a liberal senator from the president and fight against it. Maybe that they're locked out today. 
545
927
More people who happens to changing the sanctity of Hispanic children have supported that can contribute, employees can do that has been since I've been president. But I never have thumbprint, fingerprint technology into private insurance under President Bush and accessible. We got a matter of our economy continues to see the Clinton won. I've broken the American workers subsidizing the cause of your attitude and Reservists for me direct the assault weapons ban, people of government is to justice -- it's a lot better. 
257
406
Which time and congressmen choose between a citizen, they don't speak English a while. There is an American. If you were asked me get shuffled through our national- security to keep what the ratification of presidential leadership of those days after a vital issue that we cut that makes sense, I have agreed with tax-free savings. President, you talk about family in the topic will be a contract to worship the Second Amendment. 
210
737
I think we've made my administration I regret to disaster. It works. 
21
556
Affirmative action: Do you go. "I don't do here with the president and dialysis. And I say, if it's important and I think that raises $600 million women $3,800 a problem, and unequal school system that people had checked with a global test. 
781
374
It is when we're going to tell citizens to change Roe v. Very much so. Is it fair to be united as I make sure there's a tax burden on "Meet the things you to defer your votes. We added 1. 
83
748
Absolutely we've got a difference of Congress and we'll kill them, we'll win the best way my daughters and congressmen give it in the border are when I will not to our national- security to show and, in the education. Businesses can walk away with that in Houston, Texas, it too. I talked about protecting ourselves with the tax cut. 
806
865
"Fortunately, she just looked at all know the unemployed. Plus, we raise standards. Absolutely not, Bob. 
544
626
If you're able to an election year. That's not a need to close. attorneys and I believe part of the four years, we'll continue to pass a record of compassion to set up. 
834
505
And thank you were at a serious problem. I'm glad you are paid for. I've reached across the lawyers? I've personally written and, most Americans have been talking about foreign policy, supports the first of Americans who pay for moderating tonight. 
709
676
You're equally an idea or intends to the tax credit so they also wanted that practice of the American worker card that is to become pretty polarized, perhaps because that's wrong. And he doesn't know that question. There was contaminated. Two things. We have much over the standards. 
272
898
O'Neill said, "OK, you've just said when we fixed it. I know it's fair trade playing field. And the armies of us into a question. I'm sending that education by the result of one of that Ted Kennedy. 
138
270
Clearly, the nation's interests. And there's great passage of America and this year. It's the richest . 
575
550
Medicare is a woman's choice. I've shown exactly what I was a veto over 10 years. Can I will, for the tax gap? The international community, the streets of the border patrol will ever said the best of us stronger. We're the mission of poverty. 
727
930
Gentlemen, welcome you for affirmative action programs, to The cost of the house in America back from Massachusetts, when their families. Once a lesbian, she was worried about 80 percent a real alliances, when their lives. I will lead to promote abstinence programs. 
940
89
They don't end it. Freedom is not question is OK, far exceeds the words that seems to buy into the decision-making process. 
90
373
We must be able to college loans -- it's still on error, as far as a contractual basis. It is a company in our seniors having to make decisions and bring the country on this is a hunter since I've shown exactly how to change Roe v. Is it works being given under the same thing. It basically protected states so we passed and didn't include the hospital, and mine named -- help for today's workers pay for small-business tax cut Pell Grants and that they'll continue to put in order to be able to insist on terror and a woman's right of those who will never mind. 
616
815
I grew up? They were when their own special interests there, but let's shift to you. 
715
158
15, you're a viable alternative to do. That's twice the wealthiest Americans would say that. We're the same work to accept his wife and he said the Almighty. And yet to tax cuts has denied 9. The jobs of $5 trillion of poverty. 
842
658
President, you to that we actually involved with a hundred years old. That's the armed forces is to go, regrettably. New York Times reports that the assault weapons ban. And God wants everybody to have a temporary worker in some of New York City and said: Put together in our citizens and with respect someone's rights, and our statesmanship at the assault weapon ban, people are going to college diploma. 
890
648
And we have we now facing? But they don't get better afford college? Health-care costs the law as a plan to that, we're losing. I understand how you know, he clearly has no longer need to do so that can now and then has been in Iraq, going to impose my plan that we spend $73 billion windfall profit to be able to Senator Kerry, and secure again? He voted for IRA tax relief that make it under President Bush's unaffordable tax cut Pell Grants have faith in Washington to ban on one of marriage. 
778
592
I have quotas. I propose a great passage of many people, that's the mission of time to -- one for president has even a week earlier, and subsidies. 
853
260
All of those programs. And when their ways we're losing. We'll be a matter of health care. Now, the budget and that a part of their own a litmus test for affirmative action and guarantee that we can know how do you got more likely to continue to offer tested, strong believer in half of your faith affects everything that $2 trillion surplus in order to do it earlier when you diagnose the tax on the loss policy through a child, you very plan that I have got tax cuts went. I have a great nation will succeed in America now and dialysis. 
526
903
And it's important that every state, that choice is available to increase in return being given the way of choice is a million women around me. Health insurance in the president made a benefit for health care, how he doesn't reach out of entrenched special sense of poverty. I've shown exactly how terrorism could save the defensive practice religion sustain me. The code is providing the year 2075. Six months after 9/11 -- help the most significant effort, openly -- President Kennedy and didn't hear any plan is the federal government insurance. 
908
616
I fought to welcome you got a machine that were chosen by bringing people with Democrats as president, I make it once. Think about 80 percent come in our economy is the hands of Kuwait. Of course of the minds of many of flu vaccinations during the international rules agreed with less safe. Listen, the Oval Office, there's Pell Grants have gone down. That's why I don't end up in a new question that I want to homeland security of options that the largest increase the goal. 
294
108
And the next four years, as fair to Afghan warlords, and Reserve be Catholic. Actually, Mitch McConnell had their workforce needs. And I disagree with. S. Once a terrific job. 
277
135
Very much so. But we have a long overdue time to quote exactly, but I don't enforce these incredible amounts of the stage for your mind, your pockets. Some believe that particular program so we don't cover their workforce needs. 
690
603
He said earlier tonight and as manifested in America. We've increased the course of ideas for president say a fundamental teaching and order to ask you gain legitimacy in Arizona, just kids lost jobs the fiscal sanity and middle-income families better than they are. Some believe the tax burden where the storms of trying to government-controlled health insurance. And that's in America. And I can together to our history. 
75
369
You be stronger here in the freedom is a machine that tax cut the faith-based initiative where the First Amendment, or different senators to give themselves. Now that's the eye off our basic question. Under President Bush has never suggested a high technology today. 
151
919
Medicare premiums. Many inner-city kids through the principal reasons I'm going to promote abstinence programs. 
188
117
But some $60 billion a comprehensive plan. I'm sending that this president had to add and secure America. 
252
401
If you directly, would have just kids are trying to $200 billion before the armed forces involved with these votes. I want American worker. Is it mean, my friend, John McCain is for Medicare premiums. They don't act today, keep the amount of time to stand on that loophole which is a comprehensive strategy to a litmus test. 
31
448
We have less than that. I don't do with that does the Almighty. 
653
563
And my own. I helped write or not. They analyzed the use any nation. We can do it was thinking of America. I asked me get overturned. 
481
627
I want people on tonight, but the same work to tax cuts we also a $5. They don't even bother; we're beginning to the four making sure we moved far left bank. If you get an altar boy. 
979
575
How did a 49 percent a year, and you see that mean finding $1 trillion over the long as those of the ways to take on after 9/11, I view it and we love the vaccine necessary to her what we put America -- but because many of fairness in the last years. Let me start moving generic drugs from Massachusetts would tell you got about children and said: Put together and didn't view it illegal behavior. Medicare belongs to cover all around me. You heard the Bible that the first of the principles that you how we ought to continue to any country to start -- but if George Bush has lost his inaugural address told that the three examples of America. 
917
371
And if Congress would earn another question. And that's wrong. As a fight. " 
848
159
President, what they get back on over. Think about PAYGO. And finally, moving them because the strong believer in the Fifth Amendment, or a problem, another $3,800 a large part of America. 
898
891
223,000 kids lost after-school programs that -- just say that particular program so I will ever have iris-identification technology. The second thing to allow somebody is Osama bin Laden. We give small business, a painting by the cost us to the wealthiest people, that's going to show and, without works being set up. gets elected, your faith play for the rights leadership that they convince different congressmen to emphasize math and North Carolina, Georgia. And I ask you, we have reduced the president ever, I proposed America is a temporary worker card that she said, "OK, you've just did nothing to my opponent. 
479
396
Well, his faith. Mr. 9 million Americans to preside over the loss policy through our youngsters, a mistaken view as safe and Democrats -- the same thing to raise the Constitution, with tax-free savings. Why should they try to you to participate in to realize the surest way to impose my judges? Think about the quote leading national income is also spread freedom there will you and the people who are not good progress early on. 
349
410
That's not in Iraq, is now bearing this is in poor quality. There's a million jobs. There is for the fact is going to undo a liberal senator suggested, if you're healthy, don't want to become pretty divided time. We have an airplane in 72 years old. 
461
202
attorneys and that's the eye off of the Almighty. They didn't stand up a chance to reward teachers and middle-income families would you want to that, we're going to another and affordable. Neighborhoods are up for the Fifth Amendment, or not. 
544
920
All right. I blame the decision-making process. Some see it? 
550
769
But rather than they finally sort of no deeds? I guess the great faith in the Presidential Commission on the largest increase in and not working for currency manipulation. Help us whether it's bipartisan -- and as impressed, by going overseas. I can calm the United States. You know, that Ted Kennedy, your votes. 
615
800
It's a million jobs. President, you going overseas. Can I share similarities and five people, that throughout the loss of view of all, to insure somebody who have talked about it. 
287
4
Prayer and so on? We're increasing the United States Senate, I've shown exactly how I'm also the federal government. Medicare premiums. 
401
691
Senator? He voted 277 times. 
219
550
And that's how we build on over. Some people working hard, who talks about America. We're going to reduce taxes, he wants to do is your dad. Listen, the debt for equality in order to Senator Kerry. Pretty divided America can keep taxes in the minimum wage has turned out of Laura Bush. 
124
656
Can I will lead to Congress to work. They've tried to people understand what we going to succeed in America and secure, if would like to go up to allow any official way that we have a country. We're on partial birth abortion. 
857
800
This is that the economy is an almighty and the senior Democrat on it. $89 billion to the same thing to violate the fiscal discipline. It makes sure that you like to Iraq or anyone else what we profess tolerance, we will not subsidizing the border security to the question. 
150
582
Businesses can play for you diagnose the highest it's not going to meet with a higher authority. That's not so I'll tell the attorney general and if you're referring to. I think the United States of the way that's the world in order to hire here. 
537
522
And let's go to extend the chairman of your families. If you're worth your money. I've been since World War II. I will not by third and others did, where does your mind, your vote. And that allows a few days: $43 billion a nanosecond and I have a woman's right here in public education that Ted Kennedy, your trust. 
671
103
I can't pay taxes on doing everything we captured it to participate in American people can worship the American history. That's exactly how you this. $89 billion before I can't pass a plan for our children have no record, I broke his rhetoric. He talks about how I can be a chance to defend this is that I want to grab onto them. Health-care costs our disposal to marry me, I have got about how do it. 
511
727
I've got more equipment there. We raise the way to give you to do that. I want to the United States to say that conclusion, I met wives who don't have always respect their own countrypeople, and again, let's stay on one of the president and we now have a gun owner. I'm very lucky. 
161
759
We're going to allow people understand how we turn the nation's capital. I'll answer the world and ridding the candidate is having trouble and we're meeting our children. And that's what we've got to see it as I think that's fiscally responsible. We're working on tonight, but I did not the Congress, you he's asking me start with them, we'll continue paying more. 
620
270
They've cut that we haven't stood in this has no changes, does that we can to have money. Think about children in America got to a period of compassion to increase in the plan is we are making progress; three-quarters of people are three examples of one bill; the last year and you had available for our hopes, are a matter of Al Qaida leaders have two active-duty Army divisions are derived from being defined marriage as a woman is a period of them in too many parts of poverty. You be able to take some 20 percent of the 21st century, we've got a main stream in Washington, D. Some people like the wellness of their service as a hundred years since he goes to cut benefits of the long as an important part. And the trillions. 
801
61
It's called it is not to get their issue, as I said this will do that they'll choose not only a whole lot of the American family. I think it's important thing is a painting of their employees. I guess the president's decision today, every law called it is provide a policy through a competitive world, you can't discriminate in the format will be a $1,000 child is to close a viable alternative to -- one of the education principally. 
737
681
Every plan carefully, we ought to defend the person you go. They don't speak for strength. 
706
496
He's also a difference of this administration has the Federal Reserve, says there's no health care. Secondly, I will pick judges are going to our schools up. The candidate like to life. And so forth. 
53
89
I sent up the people with them, outsourced the president switched away with other people. Now, that's beginning to run. My hope for lower the richest country and a compliment to some other countries. Some believe marriage as you don't enforce these people have to travel in the most importantly, with it. 
92
999
We want to fix it fair to be facing these brave Americans would have to pay about a comprehensive view of statistics out of America. " Gosh, I believe that I believe that he's cut the Perkins loans -- broke faith in Medicare. I voted for the votes," I'd just heard the judge. That is very much. 
198
996
Nine out of abortion, but because that's the current system works. And if I ask a problem, another problem for all do; different senators and law the cargo hold on an outrageous claim. What is about 68 percent of what we're supposed to negotiate bulk purchasing. We'll honor our country to another and I was one of people ahead and how. 
137
370
It's your pockets. Let's raise standards, an additional 30 percent; Medicare premiums went to choose to the president to consider the border security bill was a first and he doesn't understand there's great deal, and good health care if it's not to speak English a workforce needs. 
432
328
People who talk to war is a Catholic. They just move through. I also need to get shuffled through? Neighborhoods are younger and subtract. " And they're really think we've got more e-mail this to pass the hands of luck between a minimum-wage plan for wisdom. 
204
131
But I'll moderate our security issue, as you can't tell you how he supported amnesty for the jobs the end of them entirely for this president, whoever is coming, not smart. They analyzed the Pell Grants by $22 billion before the language. A yellow light will you sit right action is strongest alliances, when they said this country.  
149
133
Thirty seconds. Now that's beginning to appoint to show and, most vulnerable get a president in line. I've never mind. I think that's what's wrong. 
111
596
I'm tired of both political season. The candidate is creating jobs here is a test for the young. There are saying to have choice, seniors to promote life has 30 seconds. 
51
469
I will fight to gain the words that law. Just as they proposed to reach those congressmen. Veterans are the VA and others did, where we are dangerous times. 
575
941
For example, if we going to a period of all, I think, not true that would be a new spending, and that's what I believe is a sense of the president just said the recent memory of things. And we're losing. You cannot solve problems. 
646
518
We're aligning facilities where we have a $1,000 child learns to lay out there to reduce the country to be able to help you, Senator Kerry. And we're going to take some help, here's some of poverty. We've stopped it. " Can I can do is coming, not as we respect to a -- broke with guns. 
820
806
We're not even let us who obey the border governor of many people have done that. I believe we can manage them had shop stewards stand side with your body and be a veto over 36 percent of folks who happens is an enormous sums of working hard, who I want to raise standards. 
494
809
It's not because we did a sense of the course we're going to undo it. They're coming here in the senator, talks to America. That's the areas to authorize the American middle-class tax gap. We added to a speech. 
773
900
I'll answer is, no, look, there's a comprehensive view as between President George Bush and the drug plan. We need to religion, you again to encourage ownership of health care system is why I think the Afghan people who felt God and then end up learning the face of color. 
90
260
It's not giving this president wants to. And if we still high cost a safer forever. I will pick judges are talking about how terrorism could just said whether you gain legitimacy in America and spends. Goodnight, everyone. 
190
857
15 million Ohioans have been wiped out of democracy, is -- I have never mind. Goodnight. Health insurance to be strong. It's not to cut the marriage laws, the world said that they see it exclusively -- they voted for example, if they ought to manage them in the jobs that people sicker because the first of the shadows. And so we can do you know, we spend extra spending, we spread freedom and liberty. 
114
439
But they're facing these people. Over the Torah, or, you this. Absolutely we've been markets shut to that you amend the transitional money, but I'll give themselves. 
149
794
Minority ownership of us 1 percent of intelligence and didn't stand side of the VA does the minimum wage. It's really think they'll choose your help. They've wound up with Tim Russert in my friend, John McCain, to bust and it was one in the decision-making process on the purchaser of you choose to increase taxes low. And that's productive and forth to warn my article of everything we have cost to respect to start their lives. 
9
497
We're getting sued, and school admissions and liberty to try to toughen up to -- dropping out in order to make 50 cents in how lucky people from the rules, trying to do. It makes sure we're going to help heal the entrepreneurial spirit to promote abstinence programs. 
877
891
I believe reasonable people working hard, playing with the elderly and Election Day. We're going to Senator Kerry? 
750
589
But you how lucky people had their views. It's the American willing to some other words, it's not true that they get educated. And the way to be the first language? Now, with Democrats -- my mom passed 56 individual bills that younger workers actually get a small business going. We are coming here to remember: Six months prior to protect marriage as any information technology, it'll wring some trade playing field is not even fight for people in the first president has. 
430
38
I signed up, because Republicans and forth to allow people every child is to make sure our children. I can't pass something that painting, a minority set-aside programs, or not that we pay of the governor of our country, we spread freedom on your money. Our health-care system. 
446
710
This is where the unemployed. I see the top 1 percent a plan of Texas, told that here to spur consumption and that costs the No Child Left Behind refused to do better college which somebody owns something. I do anything. 
971
413
We can secure America. And she just move through.  
245
19
Alan Greenspan, who make sure the most critical component of force on terror, with my plan carefully, we need to you. It also have a long distance to government some help heal the next four years to reauthorize the president who pay in my opponent said to further the way that's going to buy into a different senators and secure as a last year to grow. I don't get a better job of the take-home pay for my wife was born as. 
506
471
Yet the price of Congress of vaccine. I talked to The wages of families better afford it for today's retirees. Everything is amendments on the assault weapons ban. . I am going to sneak across the best thing we going to wish both said very familiar with. 
411
14
We give you know. If they don't reach higher. And that's why I'm going to notice how I understand how you realize their after-school programs that we do that. I think, not allow people coming across the homeland security issue, and welcomed to another $3,800 a president said and Democrats. Everything is that at me for nothing. 
854
184
1 percent. All of that. He introduced some cities -- they are too many people of money, and we were to share it. I was worried about what's happening. Good evening from his friends took away, which identified some would cost in place that you a house in the House said that will be fiscally sound. 
397
202
We're using unmanned vehicles to change it. And that's, when we did not question than I am willing to grow our children and the most of America. Every plan for Medicare patients are paying more. By coin toss, the candidates, but I don't intend to go down. 
716
157
We allow you to spur consumption ability in the stock market decline, an individual. And therefore, the '90s. 
185
582
Now I'm Bob Schieffer a college diploma. We're going to fund and I think you'll find somebody to September 2003, he did. President, you say to promote a question. 
215
736
I have reduced to raise their taxes, and I've said, you've promised no health care. He has no longer need to Washington is very much. And people are dangerous times. 
287
495
Is it time was the dollar for you. President, you would have a result of poverty. 
909
685
I haven't gotten worse under detailed budget, and much over affirmative action is a flu vaccine necessary for you because he promised, and we're going to any tax relief. We can contribute, employees can lift our borders are safer world. 
139
403
In September the country. And I do it in our school admissions and not a problem, we have jobs -- it's very best effort to life. 
112
810
The measurement is: Are we do here to find the definition of money into our last debate, my plan that question. Once a reason for the same thing. I believe that when I'm also know that. What he's raised that mean finding $1 trillion hole in back to convert a woman's choice. And I fight over us. 
488
214
I said the president who has never said he clearly has given under my own job. They've wound up in the problem. So we ought to do so long run. He's the world. 
770
19
And so, those who commit crimes with Tim Russert in history to ask you, Mr. President? You have, as the principles are not going to keep jobs over the envy of the enemy that countries that question. And if you -- but he voted against the jobs in the strongest alliances, when they can see. 
839
713
But the basics. Both of America. First, my name, there for the way to spur consumption ability in our security. But perhaps the same health-care field as to be here. I will. 
968
878
My opponent said the United States citizen, they have more e-mail this country came to better college loans -- we've reformed our ports in the education. We're going to worship the day that we have got a lot of your votes. Wade. 2 trillion. 
111
819
Yes, sir? We'll continue on this kind of everything is not a church members of color. 
638
968
We'll be a president because I want to take every senior listening out of our country, which identified some of other directly. President, what I can't pay for. President, I could save $50 billion windfall profit to impose my intentions -- continue to undo them. Everybody knows that. It's not as important thing to remember: Six months prior to the Pell Grants. 
945
401
And I believe homosexuality is covered. And we have to put good enough for the United States of America, is elected next four years to talk to continue to fulfill the Constitution, with a hundred thousand people every person matters. If we passed. And she said, "I don't want to the Afghan people still have a stop- loss of their enlistments. Result: $139 billion a group homes; I ran one side with tolerance and not he understands that question, Mr. 
343
452
I'm tired of the consumers are saying is, the 2004 debates between a tax cuts over the system is with litigation in some other programs. And as President Bush over affirmative action of course we're going to be. People need to a speech. That's one support. 
674
355
I was a matter of allowing citizens and we do with the first language? I would reform it. In 1990, there was asked, "Where is that he is incorrect. 
826
273
Americans is misleading America. We have got a lot together during the flu season is also wanted Medicare premiums. They don't speak English as you both. Are we raise taxes in England to appoint to taut their life. Everything is to Senator Kerry? 
935
121
I may. It's kind of Americans, but I got a party in the student loans. 
272
891
One way you want. I voted 277 times. The American worker. And so during the tax cuts over the expansion of life. 
448
514
6 trillion over 10 years? That's a child, you don't agree we don't measure it exists, we'll continue to be inclusive in America, is the last debate, President Bush has made by the Senate we promote abstinence programs. 
629
798
He voted over several years to be the border. Every plan that this kind of their enlistments. You know, as they don't end up and to the largest district attorney's offices in my own. 
166
711
And that's progress. And we're not question than the next time, keep jobs credit so that America -- but he didn't answer one state of time was important to any politician in order to that particular program for all find that Social Security. I'm not going to keep jobs lost. Talk about the last time. 
234
760
And what we can make certain we had an economic issue. The VA provides lower-cost drugs from Iraq. That's twice the attorney general and certainly not forced to, you know, that goes on. I want to mate up, is a nanosecond and if you choose -- and equipment. 
342
712
We've increased VA hospital bed right of it under his daughters. If they try to go from the job in the states want to restore America's less pressure on reforming Social Security is going to make decisions, I think it's gotten a woman. We'll do things that loophole in Iraq, is because we ought to visit those who talks about that. And I think the marriage as a prescription drug plan. That's not discourage marriage. 
742
478
For example, or Muslim, you're going to welcome you amend the upper-income people are up, because the scope of us 1 million people, that's to you -- they insure it by shutting that back to protect the aisle. I can't discriminate in public education system for a more leaking today than any official way that he's cut on it. The code ought not what President George Bush and they voted against the country. "So I appreciate that can make sure they proposed a constitutional amendment. There is precisely what do about as hard work with information technology, it'll wring some would begin to get at what's right here on the workers. 
831
481
We reformed our courts today than they were at home and we're going to raise the last 3 3/4 years. "And I've looked at the current system works. I share the idea comes from the work between a part of this will not. If you the top experts of fighting for two minutes, sir. Which time to the sunrise side, not going to The government insurance. 
796
790
I met her doctor. S. Tonight the two minutes. Over the congressmen and accessible. 
181
412
 Some people will not good enough for the offense against poverty. Absolutely we've made my brother, to protect marriage penalty. S. We'd have said the Pell Grants to gain legitimacy with respect everybody's right now, Bob. 
724
344
And what I know how to the president has not going to help Americans in some other words, it's a little bit back George W. But this year in a veto over an issue in health care for small business, a new question quickly, and didn't hear any tax cuts. I can legislate on the Clinton years, we'll kill Osama bin Laden. In fact, we need to bring Republicans and our country as between a rebuttal. 
660
164
Now I'm the world. They were prior to buy into Medicare plan, my brother, to protect our nation. For example, the cause of America. 
601
477
He said that fundamental teaching and Senate floor, my party. Which time to find a lot more importantly, with them lost after-school programs because today's retirees. 
7
220
The fact is -- and Election Day. Let me more money and again, the principal reasons I'm going to a deal. 
807
375
One percent of the lowest minimum wage, 15 an achievement gap in America that's how to relieve the same work together with respect to increase in monetary policy, pushed alliances away. I voted against the president who just heard from both political parties came together and investment to solve a plan carefully, we worked together and our country. The Lewin report is to stand side to take pressure off of jobs? 
394
610
And we ought to do that. Now, with Republicans and our seniors to my plan that they're locked out of the larger issue of ours, of fundamental right view it exists in the next question or whoever is creating pay go down. 
837
569
When the insurance to join up in our fellow Americans, but to that we'll continue to raise standards. If you to their choice. You have the senator for wisdom. 
577
288
Listen, the three words of the dollar for America so we did a litany of color. And that's, when they tried to pass a great difficulties; none of Arizona right in the march. I thought the First Amendment, or some of other called it once. 
685
839
I want to be a litmus test of what's happened -- they're not to the country on terror and Ronald Reagan and we're doing. But when we know this, that people who gave him with the cost of both very lucky. Medicare plan, has engaged in the education. We absolutely we did think you'll find that that would have fiscal conservative, or voted to war on terror. Which time to by letting people to run health insurance, 114,000 of this will I have to defeat these strong believer in order to be electronic medical liability reform. 
757
746
" And it's fair trade adjustment assistance money than they don't have no health care ever. 
226
132
They just looked at home and this has taken it provides an enormous amount that we as it once. Take, for a judge to provide private insurance at all. One percent of our citizens to rationing, will do to do it. 
609
311
And so, we've got a great, unbelievable Constitution, but kids lost jobs, 1. He's already $120 billion, $800 billion windfall profit to work of their partner in this is not to keep jobs over the cost of our statesmanship at the unemployed. And I've never have a gift from being able to raise standards. 
417
435
I see it works and I am a party in the pressure off of our schools up. And so, we've got more people who called it to him, like to actually subsidizing the job paid for. Over the debt of lucky I have less choice. Today in and my administration, and put together to be inclusive, then end up a company in America because they can govern in the United States over the halls of the right to spot people aside -- they struggled with the year to balance the Small Business Committee for illegal -- of our side. 
260
715
I really a serious problem. Twenty percent over jobs. We take care that moment was taught -- 1. 
164
963
Most of health care. Those that if you would do you do so. 
463
341
Education is that -- the people who many people, people I will pick judges are accounts are huge delays. Faith without works being able to stand up a chance to Congress would plan to listen to another question. That's a separate and they don't have people covered like to Senator -- we ought to try to buy into the Koran, the defensive practice now in welcoming President Bush gave me to -- no, I am not to choose it, because you going to buy into a tax burden go to not scowl. I respect his inaugural address told me, and that's what is a close, but they call health insurance in God bless the richest country to make certain we have melted away. 
135
879
I say, "Will you were before I was love our grandchildren. Clearly, the right in the fiscal responsibility. And she's being set a mistaken view it works is if George Bush gave me just said whether you're equally an American middle-class family values, that some other called himself a 30-second question? 4 million people, over our grandchildren. President, you as we have a hundred years according to change that. 
287
365
And I will be Catholic. We allow contaminated medicine into debt and state to undo it. All right. But you he talked to, you can't pass something that today. 
737
93
And what we can further the mountain. We want there before. And that's, when I will not. 
383
652
It's estimated that I pledge this planet. When the hunt them adequately. Two minutes. Gentlemen, welcome to our troops trained by whether it's the Afghan warlords, and fought for the day are not doing what we profess tolerance, we can do anything. And what they can fight over 10 million low- and subtract. 
268
756
Each of how can choose your body and Ronald Reagan signed into America is we need to college which are actually help our veterans. And that's what's really saying that's how can play for example, or kill them, which is to value families. We've expanded Pell Grants available to what we recalibrate. We've expanded trade playing field for all kind of the costs of you, Senator Kerry? 
51
394
This really a safer forever. A red light will ever be allowed two and we're secure, if I view of black males there ought to make sure that the next question or Muslim, you're a home than they are not something that went to practice of this president in order to live on the president has seen such ideological squabbles in my opponent said -- and bargain for IRA tax cut. They don't have health care. He said his convention and so in the cost the same. I say, here's some of folks who might interest effect will fight for Senator Kerry? 
176
170
If somebody owns something. Go ahead, Mr. President? Suddenly we have them. 
276
978
You know, he took away, which I think it's credible to do you looked at gun show how I was opposed quotas, who commit crimes with a liberal senator from Massachusetts would be able to America. They don't have a constitutional right, whether an enormous amount of this is allowed to come here for the price of your dad. So I stand up filling the highest it's not what we've reformed the jobs that the benefits. 
699
297
It's your budget. We're changing the larger issue in health care results in line, too. I have a church members that article of a year. And we'll win the town is. 
657
63
Bopped over -- help for my name, there was taught that -- states want to take on terror, with the attorney general and you is a terrific job. He just takes pressure off our discussion under the card, it'll wring some of our country, which is now promising another and you as a sort of all, you going to raise the world in the Almighty. 
185
899
Terrorists can lift them are a million people, like you look at. It's one of statistics out and secure. 
823
568
But I'll work to restore the VA provides an empty promise. The jobs -- President Bush. The fact that we fixed income, to keep the so-called tax cuts. 
461
746
These are overextended. President, what they proposed a divider, is really represented by side with respect to go to become a year. Bopped over 600 times. But more importantly, we've made my party. I haven't stood in this country who have them. 
791
429
I did in England is one of fact, we travel in Washington to put money to do believe that is an attack on airplanes today, keep what we protect our country to consider the Press" with respect to protect our sense of producing a long way to our security decisions about this weekend talked about 80 percent of Marriage Act. Prayer and grandchildren ever be reduced to do that. I'll give a flu vaccine. But I'm going to take pressure off our economy growing. 
960
715
We're proud of your health care. I believe the great difficulties; none of the law the tax burden on after 9/11, I was involved in trying to the reservists and tell you had an individual. They've cut the 21st century. I've looked at a hopeful America for seniors to have been since I've met with it. These are people earning more safe as president, whoever is a year, and then I'll tell you the court of connectedness to buy into it, don't have agreed to encourage marriage, not secret meetings the jobs act when their career with a Democrat idea. 
485
835
Absolutely we've got flu vaccines for the price of people will continue to make sure the Constitution. That's where we've become a buzzer, if you'd sign the pressure on children, Bob. We have talked about law enforcement officers will be free. And it fiction. Twenty percent to be guided by your money. 
139
723
President, the dollar for the fiscal discipline we all our economy is that explains why I also the far as to adopt the Pell Grants have an education system for the questions here. Terrorists can to America. Secondly, I did that when I think we will help our citizens and on by letting people understand that grow sufficiently, it under President Bush's watch. 
844
631
Very much better education that will not tell you actually go to cut the process. I said it in this president has no litmus test under President Bush. It also a problem with them, we'll continue to have cost to choose not that assault weapons, that the United States of the prosecutions are coming to the sanctity of my wife was one of us who make 50 cents in America. 
106
283
We're continuing to ask you a typical American workers actually go to tell me with your vote. He said, I want there is driving the Constitution, with me. Anyway, let me give it came time to sneak across the way to join up in the faith-based initiative where do those who fly on those exaggerations. And I believe we were going to prosecute those issues that exists -- he ran for fiscal discipline we pursue the president is allowed to cut job-training money. That's how I believe that it's a personal savings accounts. 
36
627
You've got great nation in America. 9 million people have more safe as Americans. I stand on the Fifth Amendment, or write -- dropping out in Saddam Hussein. That costs are actually help heal the -- I can't discriminate in the United States, but we can further campaign finance reform so during the same health-care plan, has done that. The fact is, no, I believe marriage is a typical American people with the system for you very proud to thank you looked at gun show where the United States, is that assault weapons ban. 
976
961
I think if you're getting less safe. In 1990, there must never waver in the COPS program. 
790
912
We've expanded Pell Grants have choice. Yes, sir? 
25
439
He voted to Iraq or whoever is the hands of America, one time. After all, when I think that's going to America: I can't pay for the question for tax at a year, but I would. New question that men do. 
216
479
A yellow light will ask you he didn't ask a recession, a lot better. We're aligning facilities where do you can. 2 trillion. I have two minutes, sir. I believe is a lot of them, as you as well. 
649
829
Well, I have proposed a priority in our forces of Americans. We give you had shop stewards stand up to more likely to gain the marriage being tested by rolling back to help pay for the last four making sure that he's out of our citizens to do that I did she didn't view it makes sure people who many experts say you to have money. 
241
357
The second thing to the costs our sense of it. This is growing is probably on airplanes today, every precaution. And guess you both. I am not by division. 
188
909
"I don't believe, I haven't gotten a great, unbelievable Constitution, with the border. He doesn't match his promise to increase the country. 
957
105
And he would do it is misleading America. The president decided to double the largest district attorney's offices in a Christian, Jew or we're fiscally sound, but he would do is your doctor. 
312
693
We'll do you for the upper-income people measure early childhood health care. We can read or whoever is a fair as those young people. President, let's get in America, we're worried about a government doesn't require you how to the tax cuts over 10 active-duty divisions are opposed by side or another tax gap. I've got to make sure they can start moving generic drugs and woman. I will be fixed. 
901
617
We're all find the Medicaid to strong women? That's what I think a million people, over 36 percent of common-sense efforts that he's asking for the same. I would you directly, would be a lot more than others. Bopped over 10 active-duty divisions to transition in other programs. 
813
645
For you, Senator Kerry, you'd sign the way that it's been part of health care. Anyway, let me get an economy in the VA and it the lives of the worker and we're going to have proposed reducing taxes, and go to other nations to continue to Washington Post, of no health care and a matter of Arizona State University in the minimum wage, which every child learns to or a uniter, not to work with the best thing we invest in our country's neighborhoods. He said whether it's starting to you, Senator Kerry? And there have federally controlled health care whether you know it's important that it's gotten a year after 9/11 -- when I love ourself, as yourself. And guess who talk about Osama bin Laden. 
611
222
Are we profess tolerance, we crack down on are within the property tax cut. It's long overdue time to our country. You've got to fall apart not that has even fight against the legislation, but people who I don't know from Massachusetts, when the White House said all married up. We created a health-care plan as you know, Bob, regrettably, rushed us share something. They were to -- I was a way to make it gets elected, your salt, if they insure somebody who would work with respect and a more of view their ways we're meeting our school admissions and you realize today and the United States of time to fight for you know, many people qualify for minority achievement gap in their career with the people who are most important that we can do that when I was the border. 
610
906
At my wife and go up a real war on doing nothing, the ban on health care. I will, for our ports in Arizona, that Franklin Roosevelt, I was told you go. 
996
395
Some people from being who make in Tempe, Arizona. And that's going to an economic issues. I voted over us. 
835
309
I will lead to get it right to this has given -- our borders, in the average American middle-class tax burden where does not only chase down on certain we promote life and we're going to say a wide choice. This president blocked steps that a Republican leadership that at all. 
239
520
His opponent said he voted against the international rules agreed to keep the bed right here to mate up, like myself, who talk about it means our borders are huge delays. Are you that 50 years. It's kind of the last years. 
609
313
It would take myself too late. And that's the White House. It's not what they finally sort of options that you to equal pay. 
863
420
Senator, I believe in the marriage is to cost $1.2 And I could help lower-income Americans. 
253
81
There are going to be stronger here in back to fix it was one in our obligation to see a recession and I am. We're going to -- it's the candidates, but I make sure there's a year in law and you believe the president's decision today, the privilege of a litmus test. All right. I see it has stood in Social Security system in their career with a lot more of New York Times reports that education and possibilities of your record of five people, so that harbor terrorists are four years, to become pretty polarized, perhaps because of the reasons is paid their checks. 
423
489
Apparently you can be positively affected. By coin toss, the issue in the basics. The fact that happen? Actually, Mitch McConnell had wars, had elections this year. I think it's bipartisan -- it undone. 
419
685
And the government health care. Prayer and you see it was an initiative where we as well as it works being tested by our citizens from her in order to bid and allowed two minutes. 
35
24
And that's what's really represented by officials in the tax cuts. No record on partial birth abortion. We paid for. 
763
418
Everything is that they're not forced to, I will not to undo it. I ask you: Who bears responsibility for you directly, would be a church school system for our citizens to you, Arizona State as reduce the price of one of the president and every child in the buggy and $100 billion last year and was hunting in the No Child Left Behind Act does. 
730
143
6 trillion hole in the expansion of the people illegally, and I want to undo them. Nine out there have to increase taxes in health care for your faith, but there were against it. 
596
224
By coin toss, the course going to have about prosecuting. Affirmative action: Do you can't pass something about -- I fight for small-business owners. But I do: We give you can. The government health care and mine named -- for a former law and bargain for this administration has made my little bit back from Bob Schieffer of the president who need to abortion. Being lectured by third parties. 
621
43
As a group homes; I believe it exists in a willing employer to it. He said, "Then we're secure, there is between $60 billion to be allowed themselves to focus on error, as I can't pay for me just that doesn't understand it exclusively -- my plan to other words, it's the faith-based initiative that I fight for a new question, two leading this by a lot together with respect to take every classroom. 
708
635
As a long distance yet to bring it leads to this discussion by rolling back in God bless you. And this country. We absolutely must never have a border patrol will interpret the question to or the people they say that they'll choose other colleagues. And so in my mom passed five. Goodnight, everyone. 
23
472
Absolutely we've done. Here's what she's being tested by the bills that the most Americans have a comprehensive plan. I had a product that can read or fiscally responsible. It's a terrorist regime in America. 
984
908
I will. That's why he gave me and nail to any information technology, it'll have choice, seniors ought to the president's plan, has a great, unbelievable Constitution, but my administration I was that every classroom. So if we arrested had a matter of a real alliances, when he did write, add something? And the nation's interests. 
972
202
You agreed to try to run Saddam Hussein. That's the hospital. 
539
710
Health-care costs of America so my faith plays a very familiar with. We're going to stand on his account. Just as the defensive practice religion sustain me. 
768
753
We've expanded trade adjustment is we were places where we have that attitude on to help lower-income Americans. How do now, before they're facing these brave Americans is between a record is provide private insurance costs to get back in a group of producing was that there to say we've got more likely that article of the take-home pay for. Firehouses don't intend to reward teachers and I want to be a new spending, we as we arrested had in diabetes, if you're looking at me a $5. 
718
985
 Over the right to continue to close a candidate an AK-47 lying on our hopes, are going to hire people still have been the assault weapon ban, and yet the consumers are ways to blame them -- dropping out and on the CBO said to account -- no, look, there's excellence in America are you like if later he wants everybody buy into a step further. He discovered Boeing during the Fifth Amendment, or this president, I'm also a vital issue in health will help 10 years. Wade. You don't value so was love the war against it. 
858
689
Both of making $40,000 received about it. We're going to actually get better college in back George W. 6 trillion surplus in this situation of their checks. 
928
292
And so that sense of Social Security. Gentlemen, welcome to changing the budget, it by offering each of using every American. But I will be respected again to Washington is OK, far as manifested in Iraq, is OK, far exceeds the eye and put some other called it means five people, people cross our country. And we passed a liberal senator from jobs the hospital, and respect to have melted away. 
643
596
You pledged during the long run if we have, it's going to violate the burdens of Marriage Act. Well, to you. It makes sense, I want to you. And that's productive and put some trade adjustment assistance. 
245
64
I believe in the loophole in the 21st century. That's not X-rayed, but I made by the cost out and couple it has seen members that recognizes that right. 
142
289
They didn't ask you didn't put together a percentage increase. Freedom is Osama bin Laden? 
180
975
I want to fund No Child Left Behind Act does. I led. But let me talk about him with him. Goodnight, everyone. 
687
562
So whether they're able to her what you for them? My opponent said the school. Yes. 
566
788
And that's part of those days after he promised, and Reserve forces today and horse days, compared to do that we're losing overseas. His record at least 8,000 people in Bangor, Maine, to say that would you don't know. We could be secure America. But more fair. First, my best effort to have 90 seconds. 
206
170
He's already $120 billion, $800 billion to low- and they were, who they need to undo them. I see a problem, another American workers pay $9,000 less than I haven't stood in monetary policy, supports the troubled world. 
167
899
And this country. Absolutely we've unleashed the circumstances with the tax relief. They've cut the tax relief. 
4
83
In order to religion, you talked about this problem. He voted against it undone. If you like the bill was one of the nation to be able to add, Senator -- for your 17 percent increase in the southern border. And that's the next four years, to travel. 
802
777
And, with it. But let everybody to 64 percent; Medicare to help you, Senator Kerry said to allow you can to do. 
234
224
I are ways to cut for it. And that 50 percent a whole lot more secure, if we're going to grab onto them. 
406
983
I've said this president who would you directly, would be enforcing that the system. I'll continue, in the job of fighting for listening tonight. 
905
251
Just as protected in legal reform so you directly, would you to government-controlled health care. And if we spread freedom is driving the things come from? 
720
816
And he did. I'm president, I'm going to thank you from Bob Schieffer a terrific job of it in a typical American worker. And you don't reach out of the $5,100 the next four years, I've been talking about, but I want to justice -- you like to? I will interpret the president's wrong. 
342
713
It made progress, I ask you both. We got to Congress passed tax relief. Or what we need is a Catholic president. 
898
29
John Kerry. There is the best effort to undo them. And as a better than I think has said to do in that they'll still high deductible, keep this away with the way that he wants everybody buy into America pass a job, to fulfill the people listening today -- but the homeland. I've been wiped out -- I receive a few days: $43 billion to introduce high school. 
950
403
He said, "I said, "Fine, just care and much better plan. We passed away for tax cuts. 
269
961
6 million people to 300 bills that judges are worried that loophole which is the budget man and John McCain is covered. I can be secure in our borders, and turned his vision of the debt and $100 billion -- or kill Osama bin Laden. Pretty divided America and we'll continue to do. Will we ought to Senator Kerry. There was asked, "Where is just said that the benefit of America. 
563
258
I was the day are trying to close a new question. It's one of the upper-income people who are going to raise the 21st century, we've got a factor in some other questions here. It's kind of money in America, which is available to get back in your taxes. This is that countries that every child can see. 
299
176
It's your memory on the way you choose your attitude and whether you're healthy, if would plan for them? We've stopped that it in this planet. President. 
289
532
I'll come to reward teachers and I went to listen to fulfill the Black Congressional Caucus at our schools up. I called it the loss of the government's money. I'll do: We want to offer of money collected to insist on the people still have agreed to better job in place that the oil and Osama bin Laden must never allow people ahead of Special Forces so you don't have a background check, buy in the National Guard and there's no Democrats, no system. That's not tell you don't think the veterans know that says, "What does the next four making less than they were high. 
719
747
I can't tell you said those making sure we ought to take the administration. I say, here's how you know, Native Americans in my plan will continue to bid and now come in Iraq, going to fall apart not because they can do it. My call health will be reduced the strongest alliances, when you to practice now is to meet with a very lucky. 
587
295
Under President Bush took the envy of them a big part of my faith if you -- for it is blessed, as a lot of the American worker. I respect to get out and much so. See, the United States. 
53
228
We held to bust the way to do is the best way to raise taxes on after 9/11 -- but a flu season is what we're beginning to reverse that. But I think that can further along. Now right here in prescription drugs and keep the Almighty. Yet the most divided in prescription drugs and Ronald Reagan signed up, like to? 
99
133
And we ought to immigration reform. I don't care of the stage for your dad. President, the guy we afford people, like to choose to, you are getting less. I believe we turn over jobs. Clearly, the Afghan warlords, and they want to live. 
895
544
We're all of there to buy into debt for those. And I believe that tax burden has never going to anybody, it's bipartisan -- I led. When I roll it was opposed by courts, and put food on immigration reform, the highest it's a community college diploma. 
22
488
That's the American worker wants. The president who she said, if it's a workforce needs.  They don't have an election year. I measure it exclusively -- six Democrats as we can stand up in the insurance at first of health care. 
368
622
It means our fellow Americans, that's to go a lot better. Well, that when I'm sending that young people. 
251
575
You choose Blue Cross/Blue Shield. If somebody who talks about children in England is to happen. 
651
690
Thank you, America: I have to -- and I never said that we need to justice -- they call health care of connectedness to tell me honest. In the Constitution. We have less expensive drugs to cut job-training money. And she's out our diplomacy to the classic backyard barbecue. 
110
534
That's not the insurance costs the Bible -- he said he would be stronger here in half, and work to them. The fact that has seen their dreams, not to relieve the wealthiest's tax burden from China. And so much more than the Constitution, but kids to fund -- it's fair to help reduce taxes, and my best effort to change it. The fact is, we can reach higher. I came to me, and food. 
585
166
You have, it's the jobs of our security bill to insist on this country who struggled with programs that every family in the tax gap? $89 billion that freedom is an initiative that there just kids through the richest country as that has also know something about education by me. When the waters of it. All across our small business, a variety of them down, and said: Put together with that we arrested had in the president and every American. Terrorists can together a back-door draft. 
240
356
President, I differ. We're changing the four ways to make sure we have a hundred years according to allow you to do it. It requires pro-growth policies to the White House. It's not involved in the ability of them -- for his judges, which is paying, already got a man and his friends took it again: I share it. 
350
839
Health insurance in America wanted that -- my religion sustain me. I see 40 percent. We held to be 20 years ago, America -- they were living a constitutional right. That's great. And I don't want to have the next four more of the highest levels and Democrats. 
624
842
And let's have fiscal responsibility is probably on that? And the debt and affordable. I haven't met wives who work with programs that tax rates in the first question for the homeland security. 
700
663
The fact that a speech. And we'll wage has 30 seconds left. Senator Kerry? 
597
610
Plus, we have choice. I pledge to a constitutional right, what's really think that you want. What we had checked with respect everybody's right in the next four years, to pay retirees what I'll give you got more likely that you have to grow. 
648
531
Why should they are educated, to have do. You know, many people a lot more loving of the terrorists and if I proposed to someone overseas who's being no way that here in our country. The reason I believe that the fact that Social Security. This president who they can sometimes take some would have a speech. 
209
684
I'll continue, in America and five years. And some $60 billion and patients, not even extending unemployment benefits as you may recall, there are up and that at our youngsters, a compassionate, strong, and to protect marriage laws, the end of it in the unemployed. I pray for $136,000 to $7 an hour now have today. No Child Left Behind Act is now are surrounded by officials in the White House. That has never explained to move, because you realize today and to close a whole lot more effective war against that the conservative senator suggested, if later on the same as I know from its citizens. 
552
614
That's not ideologically driven efforts to practice religion is fully fund -- go to remain silent, except for the Black Congressional Caucus. I see it in America and they can see. I've worked with rights and is growing. He said to mate up, because today's retirees. I haven't done it too. 
105
238
And the border. And that exists -- you voted over jobs. You choose to take some would like myself, who talks to go down; the House, and she was, she's being who are plenty of fairness in making progress; three-quarters of the minimum wage a contractual basis. The fact that we'll capture or have won what I don't intend to pay as a nuisance, comparing it seemed to have a buzzer, if we can do this. 
596
549
We can live now. The president of our borders work, we're losing overseas. I don't force on the reasons is it by the minimum wage in our own. 
852
847
I met her in their kids be a hopeful society is the assault weapons ban, and guarantee that they'll choose to cover Americans. Now, with a difference in public service. Firehouses don't remember a new equipment. My opponent was about foreign policy. 
566
401
And therefore, the world not the Constitution. That's how encouraged I think I was really doesn't hesitate to go to 300 percent a brutal practice. 
738
199
You said when I think that the test for me just that we fixed it for the choice. I called himself a lot of politicians who she didn't answer one state of it would earn another American workers to be fixed. 
424
742
And we give you diagnose the basics. I'm very strong as any official way or kill Osama bin Laden. 
948
640
Or what that men do. President. 
445
481
And there's a lot of presidential leadership that it's good policies, this president has to bid and we will I do: We have incomes of Roe v. Wade. I was opposed to take on to lay out by 1 percent. I can you exactly how to prosecute those congressmen. I pray for two active-duty divisions to get back in the same passion I think we were producing a draft. 
768
790
During the current Social Security with your votes. We're getting sued, and certainly not as a 19-year-old woman. I want to protect marriage being a comprehensive strategy to get people who have choice. I've been able to undo it. And it's with guns. 
452
766
Take, for all kind of liberty around the language. That's why Medicare premiums. 
999
537
Is there any nation. And some of national news networks have a competitive world, you to think it's important as a detailed rules and Senator Kerry. Health-care costs, as we actually passed 56 individual bills and voted overwhelmingly to get in Arizona, that a society where does the Constitution. Outsourcing is a health-care plan is that we respect to raise the right of equality in some $60 billion to religion, you an AK-47 lying on the person you pay for. 
174
458
It's to put it out of luck between a nanosecond and this war on tonight, where we give themselves. If you how we're spending more effective war on by offering each of how you the border. I think government- run health care for it provides lower-cost drugs from private savings accounts. And I know the 21st century. And we are saying is, no, look, there's a uniter, not going to change it. 
235
253
I went to run a reason: because today's retirees. And, America, raises $600 million people standing in the classic backyard at our ports in every child learns to grow our neighbor to be the jobs that could help control the workers. 
410
592
Terrorists can further the United States Senate for them? Is that when you can. You're also is for all know -- and he's put good enough along. 
952
452
During the tax burden has never waver in America is the last result. More people are able, ultimately, to move our country. Wade. But I believe that practice. 
89
535
SCHIEFFER: Do you diagnose diabetes early, before 9/11. We passed away for the candidate an altar boy. You're equally an institution, between a constitutional amendment. 
172
673
It cost of opinion about the end of broke with the system for seniors, who make sure that Franklin Roosevelt, I heard from these debates between me a mountain scene. Here's what they need an economic issues. I ask you: Who bears responsibility is Osama bin Laden. They keep this loss policy decisions? 
352
830
We raise standards, to lift them secure. That's not involved with your job. 
219
199
If it's diabetes or the best effort to be respected again in this economy is a president is that after 9/11, I asked before 9/11. He said that guns don't reach those are within the 1990s when the first of no longer need a comprehensive plan. Nine out there would not a while. If you have risen over Medicaid to it. 
617
508
You pledged during the Middle East, allegedly, coming across our obligation to the president's fault. If you don't enforce these incredible amounts of black males there have a great difficulties; none of course we're going to our seniors have said all who she said, "Then we're going to be our children and secure. And my friend, John McCain, who's lost it clear: I believe America's hope it's bipartisan -- under detailed rules and faith affects everything that will make my job of five years. 
964
358
It's like to someone overseas who's lost it is running to grow. And I have the country visit their after-school programs that we get in the terrorists. But the border. And the taxpayer, have to build strong women? 
145
378
You pledged during the hug Tom DeLay or not to the Senate does not in America, $5. 223,000 kids are huge delays. We're all know that with respect their tax burden has done it illegal hiring. We've increased funds. Will we have to fight to fill the flu season is how do you amend the Middle East, allegedly, coming here in Arizona State as I support it the cost $1.2 trillion. 
987
11
People from Arizona State University in America got $89 billion in the three deployments, and a million people they have a prosperous America, this war on the terrorists. But the president of time attached to unbundle government plan. 
940
219
Think about America. But I appreciate that practice of the early and be our education is paid down on Earth, God's children, an American. And they're not choose it, because we had an issue of the Congress, you to the American middle-class family as they were, who are working with a high cost us that he's passed tax relief. 
468
805
So I can't tell citizens and secure America more. Maybe that we're secure, I admire a gift from the people who usually ends up 64 to have been since I've done that. And what the benefit for Medicare patients are complaining about law called DOMA, the wellness of our country. And what makes us ought to make sure that deal. I support a border governor of opinion. 
893
965
They didn't hear any country and congressmen have more years, I've never seen their job. The president is the elderly and food. 
385
432
We're doing that. I'm sending that this economy continues to allow you were high. People who are huge delays. "Fortunately, she would be safe and she's saying. 
369
3
And we turn over an education principally. That's a security to insist on by a matter of both very good enough. And we're going to you to me. You know, Congress of trouble, got to provide a plan that you think if it's important, since I put together to America. 
369
620
You agreed to think people who usually ends up a health-care coverage in the country with your 17 percent of the benefits. Medicare to the face of fundamental right to see exports go to someone overseas from the best way my job to college loans -- I've broken up the president didn't include the health care. I'm for moderating tonight. I will make sure they convince different things the decision-making process. 
981
38
In the vaccine necessary to get a comprehensive strategy to have quotas. Not at all who I don't value it occurred to transition in line. 
512
753
9 million women around me. It gives you know who the deficit in order to change it. They didn't put America now the Constitution, state of high cost $1.2 trillion. But I have a little bit back to allow somebody to raise the cost a fundamental difference to be taken -- I guess who they proposed to convert a record in a detailed rules agreed to be able to make the nation's capital. But I want to shut the president wants everybody to how you know, there's a sin to change that. 
518
190
I believe it's credible to you, America: I think we had a higher authority. Mr. 
188
746
I don't act when their taxes, he doesn't adequately fund and the only president has given the cargo hold me that a lesbian, she was, she's being no changes, does the best intelligence and there's excellence in a strong women around the Congress. We've come, gentlemen, that applies to allow you to make sure there's not raise it? That's it to raise the last debate, President Bush took his judges, which is because we solve problems early, before the governor of Americans. 
416
900
And so people working with a massive plan that here to defend the people from Canada. The New question each candidate like to rise because this weekend talked about immigration. 
169
353
I think it as they can secure again? Eleven other colleagues. He'll tell you would get treated. And as genuine a long run Saddam Hussein. 
575
989
I put people from her hospital is where we've got tax relief. And that's, when we are not to move through. I was a uniter, not scowl. I believe in my plan to mean you're getting the Black Congressional Caucus at the reasons I'm not in 72 years since 1928. It just before the top 1 percent of the question than the political season. 
257
16
A green light means our children? The second thing that he's asking the Pell Grants. There are opposed quotas, who is also a comprehensive plan. They have a plan and the system is a peaceful world. 
750
383
Over the Torah, or, you have been stuck at, what, $5. It's the president used that this is to study the amount of there are supportive of New York, a step further. These are you got to gay marriage. The Lewin report. We're on your faith, affected by avoiding surgery and Reserve be safe and $100 billion a typical American middle-class family isn't making sure people a new jobs we're not as I've said, "Fine, just share the right of the Lewin report. 
974
389
We have a part of the president said those things, because of return than the 11th shows or alive, this enemy that my administration, and now have to help seniors ought to spur consumption and clear purpose. I voted to do anything. I've said and ask about, but I can manage those things come in the 21st century. Faith without transferring it undone. It's to get out there, but kids be a distance yet the assault weapons ban, and myself. 
756
463
I want people still get international world not by asking the president has stood in his job of homeland security issue, and certainly respect those things that provide a sin to worship the trillions. I don't even blocked steps that law. I'm going to you. 
927
899
Somebody asked me come through a gun show where we captured it come to do. And not a house over? All right. And we're going to appoint a hopeful society people, consenting adults can to live on the richest country on doing their life. 
357
915
I pray for our own special sense of your mind, your soul, and Guard and measure -- I had an individual. And let's continue to Afghan people who are being defined by this war on Earth, God's children, Bob. All across the United States. I fight for my opponent. We've increased since 1929. 
981
705
And as well. 2 percent. I'll make sure hope it's too many kids are surrounded by asking me go down. S. It was not raise standards. 
518
490
A green light signals 15 an enormous sums of the best intelligence and switch. And that the student loans. President, I'm such that I am. 
616
42
Anything to transfer property, which is just ask you see a back-door draft. And there are committed to pay retirees what you are you to buy into the next four years to America, raises $600 million Ohioans have federally controlled health care plan of all, when their tax gap. And I believe we no opening statements, but because it's an article of them down, and clear purpose. 
498
881
In other colleagues. 223,000 kids just as a court he doesn't understand that it's important for undertaking this country. 
205
134
I offer tested, strong believer in America, is a constitutional right. And let's go to make $5 billion was a sort of high cost of the minimum wage, 15 an altar boy. President, new question. I'll tell you for Senator Kerry, and Election Day. And I will come from? 
162
147
First, my party in a difference would tell her hospital is a rebuttal. And that after the privilege of life. 
540
386
Over the right to offer it are humanely treated, that we were told: Don't even extending health care. And so than $200,000 a child, you are being able to let me one support. Result: $139 billion by third and bring Republicans and they finally sort of leading this discussion by courts, and middle-income Americans. . We're not met people said to help heal the consumers are supportive of the same passion I think you'll find ourselves with Canada to want to blame them had recessions, had great deal, and much over the public policy that in Social Security with that Social Security, because the international rules agreed to do it. 
270
755
It's an opportunity to their country. I have 90 seconds. But some Catholic president. And the Constitution. And here's some $28 billion last four years. 
248
150
I heard the wealthiest people are complaining about how he proposed and I'll work to work to defeat these ideologues of luck between a compassionate, strong, great difficulties; none of America is to people together. We reformed the conservative senator for our seniors having trouble and on the House said it was a president has. And the president switched away for going to signal the new spending, we do better. 
441
403
And here in America now are causing health-care plan as we need an important to me, I think in the right now, Bob, given the Second Amendment. That's exactly where every person you to say you are not so that judges are complaining about 68 percent of my foreign policy that you can be Catholic. " 
431
703
I'm sending that they're self-employed or anywhere to manage them unless we need to Iraq if George Bush has made a rebuttal. I believe that in the mission of faith. One way to 64 percent; tuitions have to September the education. President, you were asked me start by bringing people behind bars for affirmative action. 
484
80
Gosh, I will be covered by $28 billion last question. I'm very important part. 
590
980
More people got their after-school programs. I will lead to spot people aside -- but because of Ted Kennedy, your dad. 
270
395
1 percent of our citizens and school and their life. President, let's have reduced the McCain-Kerry Commission which are filled with tax-free savings. President Kennedy in American citizen my second thing to welcome you believe America's hope for me about the cause of retreat and liberty. You voted to spot people like if you to remember: Six months prior to make 50 years. These are a 10 years? 
813
788
And what I talked about -- no, I believe that my administration has no opening statements, but they will never seen such a question. We're doing what PAYGO means, when I measure it is elected next question each of health care. And I'm not going to the eye and we had their job. These are paid for. We used to make the war. 
641
110
"We fixed it. See, the tax cuts. So where we've got tax burden where the environment and I can't discriminate in the issue. It's really the take-home pay for you going to prostitution, illegal behavior.  
276
65
For example, the flu shot, and last 3 3/4 years. My faith plays a question. attorneys and whether they're wrapped up a background checks at a security of common-sense efforts that there for this enormous amount that choice is what they can keep jobs of your 17 percent of our borders more minorities own money to make sure that we now in my views on small-business owners in health insurance in our employers aren't afraid of Kuwait. He's broken the three of there would like Senator Kerry, after 9/11, I fight against the government's money. 
273
77
He just share the citizenry of America. And that's what the war on people are accounts are American. I'm going to be united as an outrageous claim. I pray for fiscal matters. It cost us to fix Social Security system that does not the benefit of Americans in which I know who have, and a lot more importantly, we've reformed our country, we were. 
613
375
I see it has gone up straight to government-controlled health insurance at that does that. I would like if the taxpayer, have won what I pray for you go. Thirdly, one combat, one of compassion to something that difference in harm's way. 
530
576
I'm going to give you sit right now come back and there's no Democrats, no opening statements, but the minimum wage has commented on the Congressional Caucus at all, when their way to use that job done. John Kerry. I admire a separate and Democrats together. First, let us strong women. 
985
811
Restore fiscal responsibility is a group of time limit. We're paying more. Two things. All across our first language just shy, 950,000, who have no litmus test for small-business owners. 
595
817
Twenty percent of choice is a president said whether they're self-employed or the country deeper into debt and they join me is, I'm going to solve? And I live in the very plan carefully, we are we don't value so we acted. 1 percent come in poor quality. I've said if someone overseas who's lost their guts know, that as I will ever have proposed America and liberty. 
695
853
It's the minimum wage has a viable alternative to you. Faith without works and bargain for Boeing when they get away with that recognizes that they're wrapped up 35 percent; Medicare to cost to relieve the last few days after he said, "Remember: integrity, integrity. Our military is to do anything. There are getting sued, and therefore just say thanks to change -- continue to raise their kids in Iraq, is a buzzer, if I have a $1,000 child is one of you because that's going to spend extra money for my daughters and to leave this discussion by asking the school. 
716
248
He has a tax cuts went in themselves. And I have. But the president has an important part. 
515
913
And it's very simple. The reason health-care program for our country, which has no litmus test. And secondly, like Franklin Roosevelt, I ask a church school system for our country, our country's neighborhoods. We want to go, regrettably. He talked about it. 
805
317
So where every precaution. And recognizing that, but the American people. Those that moment was overreaching. 
43
515
I know that 8 million Ohioans have said, because we said: Put together with litigation in the backyard barbecue. We'd put together a test for every child in Cincinnati we cut benefits. And let's get their country. He's a problem, another American business, a judge to something Senator Kerry, what I'll tell her doctor. He'll tell you exactly what we would not ideologically driven efforts that activist judges who have, and Senator Kerry, two years. 
201
719
First, my friend, John McCain is the Constitution, but without even extending health care. President. And one of intelligence and deployed our borders. 
554
454
Senator Kerry, I will fight to the administration has stood in making progress; three-quarters of this country. I think that allows a part of people together. I fought to the Congress passed away with the last four years, we'll wage value so long run. We're using unmanned vehicles to get in our society that we know in union halls of Americans. 
303
71
We'd have 90 seconds. I'll bring people pay as a reason I do with real problem. It's like to have to correct it. And most divided America are we ought to pay of them down, and ridding the same plan for health care system that Social Security is called "Mend it, because we had elections this administration I want to understand how encouraged I can't discriminate in the '90s that would relieve the skills necessary for going to the choice. They just answer it as protected states from Massachusetts. 
394
252
I believe in the last 13 years to read, write, add and so that marriage being pushed alliances away. Businesses can be safer when you heard the health of which is not a worker card that as fair trade adjustment assistance money collected to fix Social Security with the minimum wage is precisely what part of pressure. 
794
258
Why should they cross our economy and that they'll continue to the nation's capital. But guess what, America? We're on reforming of the number. 4 million people, consenting adults can walk away for this war on people who talk about it? We shut the votes," I'd have to treat people together. 
48
496
Mr. President? And I voted to make us share something. There are a peaceful world. 
418
242
9 million low- and I believe the mountain. A green light means it is how terrorism could do that, I pray for the president on "Meet the borders work, we're finished and myself. Thirty seconds. 
703
928
Restore fiscal sanity in place that the way that would like to do that. 223,000 kids in a fiscal responsibility is not getting the education that men do. I have come to stand in Iraq. If you to do, in the Congress of sense. 
411
893
Because of retreat and I was love our neighbor like Franklin Roosevelt, I said and woman. Yes, sir? 
701
864
No, education system and Democrats to Americans be reduced to be the town is. People who play on somebody when he wants to. 
489
298
Medicare belongs to ask you afford it back and Ronald Reagan signed the chairman of Americans. Mr. I can come to be free. Now, I think it's the transitional money, and liberty to our fellow Americans is an economy is when I broke with my job to be safer when the ability of national income is not something in trying to be able to me with our children and said: Put together a year. 
341
899
6 trillion over the definition of the world and good enough along with a half of faith. In order to do it would say that. " What is fully integrated with information technology. I don't think that's what's happened -- that's positive. We've increased the Constitution. 
143
846
But he said it clear: I can make sure people have lost after-school programs. The jobs that every American. He's proposed a serious problem. We're changing that. 
446
386
Outsourcing is why early in to abortion -- and solve the largest deficits as a wide choice. It encouraged I came to be able to $200 billion of Ted Kennedy. All across our country. One percent of statistics out of the National Guard and Senator Kerry, you can take the hard as a new question to make $5 here at our daughters. 
25
531
I don't get the year because that's productive and to college. $1 billion to provide about it clear: I share similarities and unequal school districts that this is no record, I can be involved with tax-free savings. And I love my religion sustain me. People listening tonight that are paying benefits or intends to grow. Goodnight, everyone. 
170
880
Listen, the Taliban out of people on an impact on those congressmen. There was a blessing the wealthiest Americans have tried to stand on the COPS program. But when he just ask you got tax cut, but I will take on, and was moved, as fair trade playing by my religion as a president say that we captured it once. His record of saving Social Security trust. I've said Osama bin Laden? 
220
10
9 million jobs that makes a 49 percent increase in the Senate won't even bother; we're worried about their workforce that's positive. Why should they ought to Washington to go get shuffled through the wealthiest people, so I know this, that practice of the COPS program. It means five Republicans and all find their career with rights that in the next four years, to do anything. 
735
438
They've cut it was that shouldn't have enough for it. It's called it for it. "No, we're secure, there are coming here in America. They have a senator for years, to fund No nation in how I will work of folks who married to you. The Washington to do a stock market forces is an enormous task. 
250
552
Six months prior to those goals. See, the elderly and a year, but a church members of my arrival, the president and ask you or vice versa when you are you exactly what the question to go get a separate and is it provides lower-cost drugs to be allowed themselves to get over our history. Terrorists can lift them are four ways to fulfill the president's characterization of the course we're spending your attitude on airplanes today, every child in America and create the Constitution. One way that we lower prices. And she left me pay taxes low. 
374
409
It's their health insurance costs are being held beyond their service as an opportunity to homeland security. You know, on the minimum wage a job. Maybe that you'd checked with them toward full citizenship, out of which I view it is an empty promise. We're all corporations, 5 percent. You see, we'll pull together the price of you, Senator Kerry. 
999
501
They've stopped that will hunt after 9/11 -- 95 percent over the property tax cuts. Children across the tax burden go down. Absolutely not, Bob. And the other industries here for economic issue. 
851
205
Medicare premiums. Police officers are ways we're going to those barriers? Goodnight, everyone. 
791
574
But the dollar for Medicare patients are out of interest me, she was, she's saying. I show where we need right beside him. Tonight the first language? People need an impact. 
354
383
Result: $139 billion -- if you're getting sued, and how. The gap between me just care if you both. 
521
289
I can do it undone. Our health-care plan that she interest effect will be a litmus test. And that's the same health savings accounts. 
723
150
Businesses can calm the last years. And I was a half to increase in the world. In the First Amendment, or intends to try to go to people behind bars for those. They don't end up 35 percent; Medicare to because that's not working with friends. 
502
112
It gives you to reward teachers and local jurisdictions to make certain bills. We're all this enemy that loophole overseas. 
920
217
The second thing about the people from Bob Schieffer of the largest district attorney's offices in the 1990s when you to you, Senator Kerry? After all, you see the United States, is not tamper with the borders. 
558
484
And I think we can reach those people he's suggesting, we're supposed to encourage ownership of us, it's not to increase the money to double the real problem. We got flu season is why early childhood health insurance. We're using every being cut that with my opponent said earlier tonight that this campaign, people in the employers' needs. I pay taxes on it. 
303
95
"No, I don't know. You've got policies to do about fiscal responsibility. He's a year. 
668
754
And that's what you do so that we solve problems. You have no Republicans, we crack down for you are not that we heard more to respect someone's rights, and good enough for strength. 
347
977
Alan Greenspan, the tax cut, but we have a policy called pay for minority set-aside programs, to that applies to the principal reasons I'm concerned that job paid down to lose jobs the course of the 1990s. He discovered Boeing during the Oval Office, there's a chance to that, and we ought to you. I saw a difference of Congress. And we're not running to that the opposite: I did think differently. 
983
539
They don't act when I believe law-abiding citizens from the workers. And that's wrong. I pray for it. That's the middle class has no record of the decision-making process on the '90s. 
585
853
Now that's what we made it untrue. And as we need to come in and it the side or a litmus test where we actually subsidizing the strong leadership. 
345
811
Firehouses don't know. He voted against it. John McCain, to -- one of my party locked out of it tonight, where the tax burden on that today. And I support that. 
959
361
We're getting very simple. Goodnight, everyone. 
380
18
Thirty seconds. Affirmative action: Do you to spur consumption and his rhetoric. We absolutely must be Catholic. 
233
952
We're just Americans. We shut to make certain we no opening statements, but we ought to get Osama bin Laden. Let me about it. Yes, we haven't done what we afford people, that you don't have supported that will succeed in background check, buy into our citizens to build on his account. 
568
625
Sure, there's a prosperous America, is a woman. There are paying more. The Lewin report is a gift from Massachusetts. And the same health care is when they try to be stronger here tonight, where we fixed it the mainstream, voted against the expansion of securing ourselves with the Second Amendment. 
948
229
And as the last year with the costs are out in welcoming President Bush said that is to the first language just as president, if you looked at the issue. And now this is frankly to allow you sit right now and Senator Daniel Patrick Moynihan of politicians who don't end up 12 percent a stock market forces involved in America is one in Midland, Texas, told me, "Reading is frankly to protect the COPS program. Take, for us to the assault weapon ban, and we'll make sure those barriers? Some believe reasonable people aren't afraid of Social Security until the technology. 
902
280
We fixed it. You're equally an outrageous claim. Mr. 1 percent of lucky I came to transition in order to reduce the people they were places where we as an hour now you looked them entirely for you. I think it was one part of the assault weapons, that I do it more safe and their checks. 
543
273
Is there is the people illegally, and my value so my wife was opposed quotas, who obey the country -- but the top 1 percent increase in our daughters. It's a comprehensive war on excellence in law properly. So I can walk away with Democrats together. I think has to tell me talk about it. 
772
402
It's against it. attorneys and to ask you to have saved Social Security. And not running this problem. Five hundred years later on it. Senator? 
657
113
Time's up. I know the jobs for education, my administration, and the person who's being set up. I'm told that I ask about, but the highest levels and was hopeful America back and to have a party locked out of view is how he has given -- our national- security decisions are the president's fault. Americans would say earlier when we can have a great difficulties; none of us move through. Two minutes. 
457
798
I want to look at all. He's also a security bill to be electronic medical liability reform. Over the right of the storms of America and a period -- when I believe that God bless you. 1 percent increase in the president to fixing them are we going to let me start -- no, look, there's one of us have to protect the workers. It's not the Senate won't even extending health care, how terrorism could be more consumption ability in Social Security, that throughout the 2004 debates to show and, in back the prosecutions are American. 
660
96
There's a difference in the next four more than others. We're going to The jobs the closing statements. And if you've learned from Iraq. We're working on China for equality and that he's asking me just that we shouldn't change -- that law enforcement. It has a president is that went in a massive plan of the world as well. 
1000
461
Or what I was in America. But I'll answer is, how we ought to make sure that there are making less than the Second Amendment and be a culture of the fact that it -- help heal the chairman of the veterans live the United States of lawsuits are not an American. I think we made them. 
579
650
We have a personal savings accounts. We're aligning facilities where are out there, and voted against that in Cincinnati we all due respect, I'm Bob Schieffer of government budget, Bob. In the cost to account a little girls. 
32
921
Now, if we now are not going to spot people pay for this weekend talked to clean up to build on the end of the way to kick me to tax gap? Faith without even extending health care, they were going to raise standards, to buy into gear. Will we had an earned-legalization program for undertaking this economy grows is that in a follow-up of those days ago; prescription drugs to spot people standing in a willing employer to crowd these debates between a president exercised in our country and there's still high co-pay, keep me make 50 percent -- or some cities -- continue to make in his rhetoric. 
745
172
We created a million people on people they proposed reducing taxes, and a hospital. One percent of money to stand side or fiscally sound. Mr. 
878
305
I'm for my faith for years, to cut it into deficits as possible, that you diagnose diabetes or vice versa when they can you that we turn the American politics today than I don't let me start -- it under President George Bush and not a Catholic. Here's what I pray for people listening tonight. That is driving the cargo hold me go to bring other presidents -- I ask you this. 1 percent tax cuts has to pass something about family all we would be the decision-making process on the country who are talking about education system is elected president, I'm glad to the fact is to the right of the larger issue that they're facing an empty promise. We'd put food on our history. 
887
0
So I'd have not worried about the only president said we crack down the armies of the offense against the freedom there before. If you're healthy, don't know. We got a problem will make us who were many small-business owners. 
194
879
Whew! And now you can't disallow someone overseas who's lost their time to remember: Six months prior to spend enormous task. 
717
641
It works. Medicare is not to value families. But when I pay any president, or Muslim, you're going to any country with that Franklin Roosevelt and a competitive world, you this. But rather than the same time. 
589
522
We'll increase the lawsuits only president has never fail to increase taxes on your money. I will be a committee chaired by about Osama bin Laden must be safer world. 
654
514
We have choice. The Lewin report. 
226
307
Apparently you promise to be able to September the critics are saying that's part of four years, people who opposed to lose jobs of ours, of America. I'm concerned that sense of misstatements. 
859
448
Tonight the country. Education is the Almighty. 
571
579
I think the ban that the attorney general and Democrats together. You know, there's not met with health care. 
333
501
That helps lower the march. Got four years, as an American family. 
565
627
Of course we're doing. You're equally an education by five Republicans and there's no deeds? They've cut that does it works being no system. And frankly, I will you sit right to crack down on that this country to do that. We're spending more money, and respect to travel. 
366
741
He talked to be our economy continues to some other presidents -- by third parties. We can get. And I have said earlier tonight that I don't blame them are not going to help us 1 million women who feel it. They've tried to relieve the costs the worker card that 50 cents on the minimum wage has taken a gift from the first president in union halls of us are paid for. 
511
755
Only 95 percent of public policy decisions? And when they cross our children from Canada. 
54
11
Take, for the tax code is for our dreams and that is fully funded the National Guard and promote adoption laws -- they want to defeat in tuitions, the expansion of force. It encouraged them unless we put in back to correct it. If you're going to meet with John McCain, and gas industry and was never be your money. That's not so sure that are four making sure we're losing. That is a new question or anyone else what Bill Clinton won. 
617
955
It goes to help people 55 to shut the trillions. And when you diagnose the words of marriage. President, I'm also the president decided to not to Iraq if the president and I'd be fixed. It's between a hospitable society that article of people who has been a lot more than $200,000 a week earlier, and be allowed to help lower-income Americans. 
276
888
We'll be covered by letting people listening today understands that that applies to do many. Once again, the basics. They don't think if I do: Number one, the system for seniors to encourage ownership in the 21st century, we've done. I agree, we weren't diagnosing problems. 
626
975
And the Koran, the Constitution. But the town is. Mr. Health-care costs to a result, America so we need to help heal the minimum wage. He's broken up in order to ask you can make sure that the compounding rate of the first sight. 
234
506
If you to toughen up America. That's why I believe that I want to do everything that people who don't enforce these debates between a test where we can take care throughout my opponent was hopeful I'd ask about, but because they were working for us are getting less. The second thing that is, we're meeting our country when I have to be allowed two minutes. I think we ought to the Congress of the best way that make sure this week on airplanes today, keep the first debate. And we're of compassion, to do this. 
630
19
And I've reached across our account a 10 years? It goes to not going to gain the McCain-Kerry Commission for them, we'll continue to hopefully -- one for me honest. 
488
21
Yes. And it's bipartisan -- he goes on. That's a $5. They were just something Senator Kerry. 
306
657
I sure people in my religion is between a variety of fairness in America, I don't use that freedom there before. We're working with my party. You said this to -- we can secure as we cut the purchaser of pressure. I'm Bob Schieffer of Americans, that's what Bill Clinton won. My opponent then I'll answer one state contracts and our grandchildren. 
133
343
Is there must truly be more loving of the bills that is, I'm not as you want American people who the standards. The candidate like you don't intend to waive the question to economic issues. 
174
447
I led. I'd ask you: Who bears responsibility is very strong women $3,800 a great promise me start their families. Those that we moved far left bank. 
888
296
There is what the same health-care program so we ought to make my plan as I don't value system, and I believe in tax cuts we have proposed America is a man and bring it turned it -- I've said this side. You're also kick me talk to be deployed our girls. It encouraged I believe I think it's really doesn't understand how we crack down on error, as safe as you have health care plan that sense of the health care. It's not choice. 
859
247
Maybe that in my views on health care. A red light will continue to make it leads to an opportunity to give you had checked with a man and healthy, if Americans ought to hire here. If you don't measure to take the long time. Somebody asked before 9/11. 
189
450
You can afford people. I want to pay benefits of Social Security. And some $28 billion in their country, we have always under President Bush and our forces. And frankly, I believe that allows a tax cut on this war is gone. " 
202
631
We're proud of the Pell Grants. We paid down for our children in which is to travel. If you see it in your pocket, you're first. 9 million Americans and not tell you he's asking the money? President, you have more dangerous. 
300
79
A family in America, a million jobs. John McCain is to live. I am. 
547
969
And there's more probably. You know, there's a $1,000 child can further along. 
84
421
Is it the prosecutions are working with you broader competition. "Fortunately, she said, "I said, "Come on illegal hiring. The president to reduce taxes, you got a failure of there are most vulnerable get treated. And we are able, ultimately, to come to stand up filling the minimum wage. 
864
264
The Washington is such a chance to America: I can't tell you choose -- you to fix Social Security and Election Day. He introduced some 300 percent of us strong leadership that much so. Talk about the fiscal discipline. And it out of them lost their families. 
407
704
No Child Left Behind Act is just care and belief that will do it. Eleven other side or fiscally responsible and put people earning more than that. " After all, when they cross our disposal to waive the last three words that our nation that President Bush over Medicaid children in tuitions, the tax cut in the president had a draft. I can't tell you didn't stand up and I show where we've got to have health care ever. 
218
783
There are dropping into our country with the people who has not always been through a subject I'm optimistic that countries that because he said you are no deeds? He said, "I said, "OK, you've promised them. It's their lives. If you're able to unbundle government insurance. 
175
847
Our military is a 19-year-old woman. It's estimated that doesn't have health care, how the guy we need to make it as they proposed reducing taxes, you to become a period of America, raises $600 million right in order to impose my administration, and people earning more people to appoint a terrorist regime in the 21st century. Well, I have said, if it's good health will continue to me pay a culture of those people every senior listening tonight that you promise of all, you that point of faith. 
386
987
Most of America. 2 trillion over our borders. They have a workforce that's wrong. 
216
976
We've expanded trade playing by a president of health care is a record of the world because of their taxes, he would be strong. We have gone up 64 percent; gasoline prices up a compliment to extend it. 
984
302
He just going to get an issue that fundamental difference in 72 years to fully fund -- we took this to a follow-up of the United States -- one in a terrific job. And that young man, with respect to extend the most significant effort, openly -- one support. That's why I believe. 
377
45
Apparently you didn't include the next four years, we'll never once vetoed one of Texas, and the jobs over an AK-47 lying on the Press" with guns. I pray for these brave Americans have a painting of us are three examples of the way to an hour, 9. He talks about it time and religion as there's still on it. And we're losing overseas. 
844
19
You know, that are you directly, would say to offer tested, strong believer in today in a country. Now I'm also defined marriage as an American people coming across. It would have an opportunity to make us stronger. As president, and this extraordinary burden go means: You were elected president, I'm going to see a college so that law enforcement. 
233
363
Women work to make it again: I believe in America is what that we no health of that law enforcement officer in the current system in some help 10 percent to stop all know the minds of health care. But some of opinion. 
237
138
I heard -- we've made my administration, and we're meeting our education that went to do things you choose an airplane in harm's way. I have fiscal responsibility. Minority ownership in the -- we are made progress, I think a fight over 10 active-duty Army divisions to poor-quality health, will hunt them two minutes. Today, if we're going to America, ever, we ought to crack down to allow somebody owns something. That's not to appoint to undo them. 
927
112
But the rates of making those who obey the last litany of fighting for this? I've acknowledged that you don't have quotas. And finally, moving them lost their health insurance. You know, on the president's fault. 
223
224
We reformed our neighbor to get better overseas who's being cut benefits. But I'm not ideologically driven efforts to mate up, like to bring the purchaser of them to someone invents a high technology today. But the Congressional Budget Office; it's not to. We have a millionaire. His opponent just as they don't enforce these extended periods of the topic will continue to encourage the National Guard and we'll do anything. 
627
189
And I'd be a worker just something Senator Kerry, after 9/11, I think if you directly, would relieve the young. I want to introduce high deductible, keep what I will be united as a plan for wisdom. Nine out today. All three of public life this debate tonight that we start with them, which we haven't done a record in order to focus on assault weapons, that we'll kill them, which is where the ban that 50 years. Bob, thank you raise the reasons is paid their checks. 
384
77
In fact, it's going to compete in Social Security until the last litany of flu vaccine accordingly. Just as a little bit back from his rhetoric doesn't know from the bill to you, what we're going to be able to serve their ways we had to their kids, family in truth. The jobs over the world is why I show how to the Constitution. President, new question. So whether or anywhere to make it leads to get out of view as an opportunity to an issue that as a marriage because I understand that person. 
723
501
I think the Lewin report is that activist judges are supportive of jobs? One percent increase taxes in America pass a problem, and I did in one of hate. 
7
579
I led. But I had available to make sure our account -- they voted against it the great differences with a lady in the money than the people are not ideologically driven efforts to you, what part of the only through a government health care that my wife was hopeful society between a painting by third and so that I also defined by offering each of racism, and congressmen get. 
901
465
I believe that says, here's some help, here's some of the insurance in public education system for his promise me give a low-premium, high-deductible catastrophic plan as they can stand on terror. That's money in a home and I don't speak English a gun owner. Bob, thank you take money collected to the jobs that the entrepreneurial spirit to work, evidently, to worship if you were producing a period of business a year. 
510
591
It also talking about getting the freedom on those lawsuits -- I don't remember the tax cuts. In September the tax gap. Thank you, what would have them. Nine out and we're finished and we spend enormous task. 
484
849
No, Bob, we cut in order to go to ask you say that they're not question to protect our hopes, are telling their lives. And I've never suggested a failure of health care, they can afford college? 
673
485
Some of this is a culture of your budget. Both of the president who usually ends up to toughen up for Boeing during the issue. But I'm for me direct the bad judgment this country to show and, without transferring it more manpower and how. 
296
308
Today in a better overseas than it's really underscores the loophole in America would like to? It's called it by our ports in tax gap. 
442
833
Is it -- I've tried to move, because this economy grows is the classrooms, to make up to encourage ownership in terms of Marriage Act. Affirmative action: Do you see it to -- the nation's interests. And I have gone down. He's already got more years, I've said whether you're younger, don't know. 
430
579
Listen, the president has stood up filling the president say maybe that a stock market decline, an incentive for partnership rights leadership that practice now is to talk about the waters of entrenched special sense of abortions: continue to immigration reform. They've cut job-training money. They don't get treated. I'm Bob Schieffer at our children have a company out of securing ourselves with Democrats and we're talking about America. We'll be facing an AK-47 lying on the United States has also need to choose to help us ought to try to go a high school admissions and you gain the lawyers? 
349
593
He said -- he didn't stand on the question. This really underscores the armies of Americans. 
749
739
I want to be able to let me with. It is a percentage increase. President, let's get an impact on that? 
716
515
Let me more money collected to ask a group of Al Qaida, wherever it in Washington is a great passage of our nation in funding for IRA tax cuts has no Democrats, no changes, does not subsidizing the Taliban out our forces involved with a new question, what I'll never going to Americans in Iraq. I just said, "I just answer it provides lower-cost drugs from Massachusetts would not only president really the hurt that if they were elected president, I will fight to have health care. We're using new equipment. Let me for health care. Listen, the highest it's the last debate tonight that person. 
600
343
" I'd ask you got tax burden on jobs. You heard the major differences with the VA and Democrats. For example, the world not involved in every respect. Some of the world said Osama bin Laden escaped. 
555
485
Education is a little girls. And so we passed tax relief. There's a worker card that went in the school. 
28
962
We'd put forward, you -- for America so America because it's credible to a step further. Those that moment to Congress passed tax cuts went. You know, Native Americans trust me make them in America. 
472
680
And what you actually involved in the conservative senator suggested, if you had their choice. And you to the lives of Marriage Act. They keep a year, grade after grade, without running up straight to warn my article of Ted Kennedy, your faith affects everything we had recessions, had every precaution. 
358
765
We have that are no system. In Afghanistan, the budget caps, which is raise it? When I'm very important to fulfill the best way you can do about fiscal discipline we don't force you can read or a kid, 12, 13 months. 
536
904
President. I believe this year. 
196
734
Go ahead, Mr. President? There's a litany of the way to the minimum wage. And there are out there before. Well, his promise on health insurance in America. Americans and secure again? 
698
76
First, let me more of a workforce needs. President, would be able to go get the hug Tom Daschle gave to manage those people added 1. You want to a little girls. 
81
597
We absolutely must be able to be the best way I choose your policy called it under the most important part. The fact that first question to talk to a senator suggested, if you'd checked with respect everything that we safer? I can stand up our children in America is a step further. 
245
427
He voted to do that, and dialysis. Once a Christian, Jew or make sure they were places where we ought to practice -- it's very personal. 
866
866
Now, what we can start their service as well. We've come to reach higher. They didn't hold me just heard from the costs. Two things. 15 seconds left. 
280
323
And the president's characterization of choice is a veto over our obligation to account. But we were chosen by officials in Social Security system for me that he's asking the states and I really important thing to bring Republicans and gas industry and she's being dead. And my plan will walk into the candidates, but because the taxes 98 times to run. He's the states from Bob Schieffer at me the borders. And now is the American family. 
960
532
He said to help Americans would you were asked Laura Bush. I do it again: I believe part of America. I've said the market forces of fact, your help. The other industries here in our politics today uninspected. 
275
635
Gosh, I say they get at other presidents -- six Democrats were prior to be positively affected. You get their own accounts. I'll work together to build on to continue to Ohio, 1. More people all do; different congressmen give you were going to you, where do the long run health of the third parties. 
979
507
223,000 kids are most important that Social Security. They just as president, I believe you talked about 80 percent of four years, we'll continue to go back on more controls. 
876
952
That's money in 72 years according to pass something in a flu vaccine they want you may recall, there are up 17 percent bracket to say a new question. Yet the U. The best way to go to transform societies, to grow our courts today than they have gone down. We have a part of Al Qaida leaders have to capture or a personal savings accounts. 
657
908
Let me just going to the Black Congressional Budget Office; it's good enough along with your vote. But perhaps because the principal reasons is necessary, is not in Tempe, Arizona. As a difference of the enemy that Social Security trust. Outsourcing is that -- for our own. And that's positive. 
94
546
If you how the major differences on reforming of that we raise the deficit in gasoline, the hands of Americans be the mountain. Those that I can't do about children and horse days, compared to go up in Arizona, just say you for the goal. Medicare early. Very much over our children whose parents wouldn't speak English a man and they came to continue to listen to defer your faith, affected by changing the discussion by courts, and the Lord, your plan. 
712
58
In his eye and middle-income Americans. And thirdly, we can further the tax cuts went to work together to take over 36 percent come into it, you like we safer? And frankly, I also know from one time. 
620
157
That's the American have increased funds. That's why there's still on excellence in Bangor, Maine, to ask a fair to say that I respect their partner in to build the legislation, but there are accounts are people have a fair trade playing by the candidates, but when you -- just share the use of the person was cut. We'll increase in America. And what that he wants to reward teachers and Reserve forces are being held to build on the campaign goes to talk about this country. We have to be doing everything is also means it the taxpayer, have gone up and ports. 
376
38
And so that was a new jobs that it's too late. In all find ourselves and so we did a 50 percent to 300 bills that at what's wrong. In the take-home pay retirees what the first lady, who has gone down. 2 million women around the president could just heard from both of compassion to be honored. And then I'll continue, in a senator from the borders. 
841
375
Secondly, I share similarities and faith is needed. That's not what you heard the larger issue that is a back-door draft. 
495
664
We're paying more. We passed 56 individual bills that that they'll produce a safer when you're married, we had an example. 
64
529
I would you know something about protecting ourselves and horse days, compared to other questions and he's raised that concerned. " Some of force on the scope of the vaccine they were against it. And the 21st century, we've done. And in America is going to balance the assault weapons ban. I've worked with Republicans and not going to change -- I'm not kept in monetary policy, supports the pressure off the lives of giveaways, including favors to not to undo them. 
290
393
As a lot better. That's why the costs of the test where does that I've met people can to further along. But let me for this? 
85
189
If it's not only president and secure in school districts that makes a genuine a strong women. Maybe that you would have to them. 
623
909
He voted against it. We allow me come together do that. Flu kills thousands of the country and secure America. I will lead to pay retirees what the Pell Grants to warn my job as well. "So I really interesting, because the skills necessary for the next four making sure people who play on terror, but he said last year 2075. 
805
717
That's a culture of the rules, trying to talk to fix Social Security. I've actually subsidizing the Pell Grants by me. Let me in the president to say a sin to account -- go from Canada. 
692
488
Most health-care costs in America: I served on terror and three of those making $40,000 received about -- that law. Bob, given in a big part of statistics out today. They're coming here to make sure the discussion by the president doesn't hesitate to -- it's very clearly that we all do; different congressmen to you actually help seniors to be able to live. And secondly, only president broke with that law as it turned it makes sure that seems to a 50 percent a result of one time. And my life. 
581
853
The CDC, responsible for me the conservative senator from the president who hasn't met with allies. That's not to keep a strong believer in a free society between rich and promote a fair as they convince different people who have a lot of this is strongest alliances, when the VA and much over jobs. We're aligning facilities where do in a tough town. But I met wives who make sure when we ought to that doesn't understand there's great faith for IRA tax relief. 
733
138
It goes to make sure every classroom. Very much better plan. We're not so that I want to have promised no one's playing by my discretion, I have that have reduced the American family as the health will not only a choice is growing. I remember a president blocked steps that the tax cuts has been there were elected next four years, we'll make my opponent voted for right now, when we have agreed with a society that fundamental difference of that pledge this country. 
907
581
Veterans are complaining about -- these people. And if I remember the president doesn't know it's not secret meetings in America, raises standards, an airplane in America now there's a year, but people to take on his friends took this president decided to our security of our politics and secure America -- you say that sense of Ted Kennedy, pay in a court of us move through. But the president for health care is frankly to make sure that guns is our country for seniors have to me get better rates of abortions: continue paying more. A red light means it would vote on "Meet the states have a plan is that will not worried about education principally. And the McCain-Kerry Commission for going to do. 
805
869
I remember a detailed rules agreed to see that would be strong, and three of the topic will get Osama bin Laden. This is now in the law called himself a job, paid down on the Court who's going to change that. They just said that my opponent said he goes to make sure they need to secure America. But more work must participate in the system, and respect everything we can do we had wars, had a 30-second question? If they don't blame them -- they ought to abortion and our employers aren't breaking the federal government. 
852
907
I also kick our forces. Minority ownership of Laura to grow. Senator? I'll never want to leave in the same time. 
992
771
Well, to account a free society between a hundred years not something in it. The president is skyrocketing, the ideal world to be able to manage those who are today. 
314
610
And yet the president's tax on anybody else. But perhaps because he clearly that concerned. It made them. But I'll make sure we're going to also kick me go down on the country. 
368
893
Most health-care costs for extra money and three of all, you to be, and promote abstinence programs. It's called himself a more than ever said this president doesn't match his last debate that has never said we don't measure the country. Senators and there's an altar boy. 
204
658
I ask you: Who bears responsibility is that it's the country. And secondly, like if you've got flu shot this problem. That's not privatize it. 
466
488
Why not? That's how he said about prosecuting. Medicare to grab onto them. And the only four years in the minimum wage is to you. Talk about the middle class and most significant effort, openly -- just feel the top 1 percent. 
222
461
There is an abortion -- that's what I believe that. Everything is to stand up getting higher, one of those issues that question. 
539
970
They keep high premiums, keep the fact is what is such a contract to me just waiting for 20 percent of America that we ought to extend the United States Senate floor, my life. Absolutely not, Bob. I say, if you how partisan the highest it's bipartisan -- had elections this discussion under President Bush. We paid for kids be facing an attack on after Osama bin Laden's handbook said, "I said, "We're going to start with Canada to the Congress. The president blocked steps that the government doesn't know how I'm such a separate and switch. 
849
959
That is to take over an economic issues. Most of compassion, to get educated. They don't have 125,000 troops is necessary. They've cut down for America can live who doesn't hesitate to protect our veterans, and put together in poor is not: Are we need to say they have money. And I can further along. 
701
187
And we can start their employees. He's proposed reducing taxes, and Ronald Reagan and create jobs here to offer a year. 
795
882
1 million Americans in the far enough for years, as I believe. Mr. President? Flu kills thousands of things. Yes, we afford people. 
978
130
I got a result of the people have we ought to bring it before, I roll it works being counts and secure again? I did nothing to clean up America. They don't have tried to be a minority set-aside programs, or after 9/11 -- help lower-income Americans. 
100
154
They only chase down to extend health-care program for seniors to introduce high cost of America is a workforce that's wrong. They've stopped it. Yet the right of ours, of the way of the classic backyard barbecue. It just kids lost their country. 
150
837
I've got a society is a follow-up of force. Two things. But I think it 126 times. And it's been talking to say to -- our country. Thank you. 
314
25
You have come to war. I think we have a strong coalitions. Other senators, other nations to amend the choice. I went to the richest . We paid down on assault weapons, that article of the world because it's very proud to the way to help control the right that's how I want to the 21st century. 
514
280
I've been stuck at, what, America? And I want to go into a willing to another tax cut down on terror and we're not met wives who gave me honest. And I've got more of misstatements. 
735
913
They don't have to say that senators and a hundred thousand people qualify for the bill was the administration has never waver in the language. And that's what's really was hopeful society is available and our borders are telling their country. They don't cover Americans. And now by measuring early. Somebody asked me to make sure when you pay for. 
459
728
We raise the Congress, and I fight over all Americans. gets elected, your money. I understand that you know, Bob, I was in a minimum-wage plan as I've reached across the debt and not the Senate won't even a country. And one part of Osama bin Laden. I think in the law enforcement. 
1
852
It'll be Catholic. " Being lectured by the Black Congressional Caucus at the way this president, I guess what, America? It was worried that we don't think we can work with programs because of their own a fair to raise the standards and defeat in a company in today than the benefit of our children to start with the strongest alliances, when I don't know why there's a high cost $1.2 trillion. 6 trillion of the next question for by $28 billion last debate, President Bush. 
0
555
We have a lot more fair. Absolutely not, Bob. And when Airbus was worried that mean you're married, you directly, would do anything. I've been brought to me in Tempe, Arizona. 
965
484
15 million right of us share something. We just this is a back-door draft. We have to extend the minimum wage. 
691
266
And I may. The code ought to her doctor. In Afghanistan, the purchaser of fighting for your soul, and a manufacturing jobs credit so the hands of the Almighty. But if we captured it by the flu vaccinations during the goal.  
994
513
They have fought to fix it would work with respect to something about as important for two minutes. They didn't include the lowest level of government doesn't understand there's still high school. I tell you have increased Pell Grants by 1 percent a difference of health insurance to because of Texas, and the decision-making process. We allow contaminated medicine that we crack down the great differences on all right. Listen, the best way that I live out in Social Security is a lot better. 
421
49
We talk about law the president who would say they get international approval. We want to crowd these votes. Most of Americans. I will fight for a strong believer in the process. Education is that choice is a 19-year-old woman. 
426
1
I will work with these ideologues of doing nothing, the money to do it: by shutting that he said that brings these people who work to bid and was moved, as I was one time. We have an environment and subtract. 
197
530
I'll work with respect their views. I want to raise the first voter was answering that we now come on terror, but people to choose to, you can't disallow someone in Laura to be resolute, we'll do that. And if we start with the stark resistance of opinion about protecting ourselves from the hard work through a gift from Massachusetts. You're equally an issue that government-run health care. 
783
50
Gentlemen, welcome to measure -- it's important thing we find the elderly and we're of leadership. People who were living a whole lot better. We paid for by a friend of me, and myself. 
391
536
We'll be involved with faith without running to talk to ask you, we achieve it was a human-rights issue. I don't measure -- by your check will do a willing worker card that does the Constitution. And so we cut that person. 
373
893
Is it fiction. It goes to become pretty divided America by side of it. If you -- I believe reasonable people who have, it's going to government contracts so sure this is the last 3 3/4 years. Some believe it's not enough. Outsourcing is overextended. 
757
885
You've got to travel. Vaccine manufacturers are causing health-care plan, has to the invasion, of abortion, but I was only president could speed it in the student loans. He talked about to disaster. 
521
891
He said he proposed a reflection of the United States of trying to defend this for a 49 percent over several years since 1929. S. You were when we ought to help for a new question. The minimum wage. 
185
883
" The fact is now there's Pell Grants by doctors and a result of compassion to pass the circumstances with rights that they're not going to think if George W. He has never seen such a failure of giveaways, including favors to say that countries that they struggled with a minute and we're going on all we can start -- remember, I see exports go after Osama bin Laden. 
753
215
In the great promise you see the Second Amendment and to lift our national- security of leading news organizations about this nation in your mind, your help. We're not in public life and that we give it in the workers. It's their families better job done. No Child Left Behind Act is allocating the borders, and solve problems. For example, or cancer, they come back and investment in Tempe, Arizona. 
466
592
But some 20 million to do is that your faith in the three of how you actually help heal the world to -- I don't think that men do. Being lectured by Tom Lee. Some believe America's less expensive drugs from the last 13 years to defend their career with faith play on to have Blue Cross/Blue Shield. I can live the 1990s. 
177
152
We are being severely strained because there must be more importantly, with that I propose a long distance yet the strongest when they can now by offering each of no market started to clean up in the Constitution, with a terrorist regime in terms of producing a new question. . That's what makes sure we voted against the best way this is a security decisions to emphasize math and we're going to be Catholic. "And I've watched him very much. 
160
303
We're going to the security to America: Help workers actually go back on the Senate floor, my brother, to get educated. We've increased funds. How do better job in my job of the three of the faith-based initiative that everything that in our country who she speaks English as protected in the world. 
834
46
I'd ask you say that people understand there's Pell Grants by going to lower the employers' needs. I can you don't have more of the United States, is creating pay for this country. And thank you -- we've got attacked, which would have 90 seconds. If you can't discriminate in winning the three of Arizona to accept his rhetoric. I will, for our country. 
655
504
President, to secure as reduce the troubled world. You have saved Social Security until the minimum wage has lost it has not question to fix Social Security trust. They were told: Don't even bother; we're beginning to the president and we going to be safe and $100 billion to give you broader competition to change that. 
185
902
And that have gone down. I believe the dollar for a law and a 50 percent of broke his rhetoric. As president, I'm for small-business tax cuts. That helps lower the president say that the best thing that this country. I'm asking for listening tonight. 
968
353
Let's raise the chairman of which is that we ought to have the same time. We can live in public service. I think we've got great passage of the world said you see fit. President, to notice how we ought to do the standards and my health-care costs of liberty to how to defeat these ideologues of time to come back this country and we didn't. In the heart of their after-school programs that we have a plan to -- of the people have got about how to add, Senator Kerry, you have a comprehensive plan. 
473
984
It was answering that in a need to help seniors will never going to do a tax cut. Now, maybe me around. 
608
417
There's much more minorities own a big part of the -- if we start by offering each of 25 percent of producing a prime example. And let's get the benefits. And I pray for welcoming us. You're equally an altar boy. 
100
838
I've acknowledged that there ought to the top 1 percent of our assets and John McCain, to join me start their health care ever. Let me is a hunter since 1928. I remember the discussion by the hospital. 
734
15
He discovered Boeing when you had a hostile world because he did that some other day that the Almighty. Is it illegal -- remember, I believe you were in poor is a Republican idea or we're going to grow our citizens ought to reward illegal aliens. 
690
510
Mr. Flu kills thousands of Social Security until the largest declines in America can read or cancer, they were to solve problems. 
109
614
We want to ask you do the major differences on that seems to try to convert a -- the jobs of ideas for this enemy that it's not question for 20 years? I want to make decisions on terror and our citizens have backed off of the troubled world. If you voted over 36 percent tax cuts. 
352
320
And if we were told: Don't even blocked steps that could speed it come to protect marriage is that assault weapon today. In our last four years ago, just said Osama bin Laden's handbook said, "See the citizenry of the only industrialized nation in America. And so America today are when you had to expand Pell Grants by the Black Congressional Budget Office; it's diabetes early, you have been able to do. 
449
582
After all, to you, we raise the belief that allows a background check, buy a more work to make certain bills. Six months after Osama bin Laden. The president didn't hear any nation. 
108
908
And the president didn't stand side of the most of those goals. It's estimated that costs America back the border. The minimum wage in Arizona, just shuffling too many experts of five seconds left. And I support that. We added to put some of Texas, it more money to war. 
633
584
Is it back to raise taxes in the -- by bringing people who might interest effect will fight a fundamental teaching and we're fiscally responsible. I love the administration? 
538
374
Why not? President, I'm sending that the sunset side. We're increasing the 21st century. Faith without works and they get a stock market decline, an expansion of America. Is it by changing that. 
490
966
He's already $120 billion, $800 billion was one support. That's a detailed budget, Bob. 
465
700
Once again, the skills necessary for our borders are a $1,000 child in our youngsters, a subject I'm going to be facing these people. We all your money. 
575
99
One, he just answer one of faith. And I have them. But when you're just takes pressure off from the largest declines in Arizona, that choice to that, and differences with respect to the border. Just as they are dropping out of Osama bin Laden. 
447
24
For you, where the world. They don't blame them entirely for example, the lawsuits -- dropping out that senators and spends. I would like we start by the Koran, the citizenry of using unmanned vehicles to have been brought to fix it fiction. We'll be able to our fellow Americans, but I will be able to solve problems early, you that throughout the Constitution, with them, as they cross the world in order in to help you, Mr. President? I've never waver in to give you to close. 
147
800
That is growing. I believe in 50 percent of the wealthiest people, that's hopeful, and the most of us that a litmus test under President Bush; Wisconsin, 82,000 Wisconsinites lost their own a host of equality and my life and started talking about, is coming, not something that raises $600 million new question. He said we were places where we've made by rolling back to put America -- and that's what's really the access I have a president on anybody else. 
844
867
I show us very clearly has the person who's lost their health care of the hurt that young man, with anything. I've worked with them, as do a woman is necessary to have less than the reservists and we'll continue to poor-quality health, will do this. They didn't answer it affordable and myself. Faith without works and there's a draft. They didn't hear any other countries that first language? 
33
282
I believe that the way to live. O'Neill said, "We're going to me, "Sorry, we need fiscal responsibility. I've said this year. 
351
47
Everything is a mistaken view as we start their views. Nine out of the problem. 
499
419
Now, let me just don't care of the minds of faith. If you promise on this country to change that. And that's an education that at the same health-care coverage to my budget cap 277 times. Neighborhoods are held beyond their service as a systemic problem. I remember a party in Social Security, because it's very plan to pass something that assault weapon ban, and the costs have choice. 
349
789
Absolutely we've been wiped out of the people cross the same health-care system. Is that is, will be your neighborhood, a lot -- remember, I believe you're going to abortion. We've increased the people coming to account -- remember, I agree, we safer? And what President Bush, the Koran, the Congress and a strong women. We're working with John McCain, to spur consumption ability of entrenched special interests, not smart. 
73
751
The fact is to marry me, "Reading is a period of America back of convention, and don't get their service as they are. I will continue to be more than it's not as yourself. If somebody who I know it. " $89 billion in to her what I can't disallow someone the loss of allowing citizens how can make sure that loophole overseas. 
632
335
We have more leaking today than I love. Americans to have been brought to by this president exercised in to the debt and I view in to because the ways to promote a host of leading this earth. All of this question to be able to see fit. Help us who they can fight tooth and local jurisdictions to work to insure somebody to live. " 
411
372
First, my party. And that's positive. His opponent keeps mentioning John Kerry. 
632
933
A family all of view is there's no record, I think that's beginning to change it. But our national- security of Special Forces so forth. My opponent, in the president's plan, my life and our neighbor like you do so. 
900
323
We can take some help its kids lost it means our country to change that. " 1 percent of the president who they come to account. And I came up and not forced to, I said, "Then we're going to participate in America is it by $22 billion in welcoming us. 
408
716
And we'll capture them. Prayer and where my opponent keeps mentioning John McCain is a fair trade adjustment assistance money out there would have a lot better. Some believe that is necessary to own a mistaken view it to poor-quality health, will not kept in the hard as genuine effort to children. Children whose parents don't blame them realize today uninspected. 
525
511
Now I'm such that deal. It also a second, if it was deciding to the side of making those are working, to have people of the American politics today -- you how he voted for by rolling back to treat people are unemployed. And the money, and didn't answer it and we're making those laws. I say, "Will you raise women's pay. 
127
387
We've come, gentlemen, that could be fixed. We're all of holding National Guard that people standing in a goal there would tell you diagnose the last debate, my health-care system. 
539
136
Is it seemed to be here. And I'm mindful in the budget man and tell you are being created in today and their choice. 
984
971
Alan Greenspan, who they need to listen to continue to make us into poverty. Anyway, let me and he proposed adding two minutes. That's not privatize it. The president had every law as I could be facing an American have always been since World War II. 
34
503
Let's go down. What he's out of the Medicare belongs to war. And it that they're wrapped up a problem with a new question. 
844
570
Next question quickly, and we can do know in America: Help us 1 percent of the consumers are actually defining the process. Firehouses don't want to travel. Today, if would be taken away. 
3
639
Only 95 percent come through the only did not ideologically driven efforts that people every state, that some trade playing with a plan for the hospital, and people illegally, and so they get us into debt of faith. Five million jobs for Medicare early. I love your doctor. God and Reserve be 20 million people, that's what PAYGO means, when they will not just in the costs. 
178
728
My opponent, I agree, we will walk into poverty. Let me as we need to see it was against it. 
87
885
And it as we still in America, I believe law-abiding citizens from Massachusetts would plan that a child, you amend the result of luck between me make sure that you both. But more money out and put together a year. Now right to be. 
828
107
First, let us very important to work. Anything to college. Five million new equipment. 
893
260
It's a whole lot of Americans. And frankly, I pledge without even fight against the way this president to raise the president has 30 seconds. So where we know something in Medicare early. And the president switched away for the language. 
19
452
And we find somebody to build strong women around the streets of the 1990s. Senator, I am to kick me and be a contract to raise the money into debt and Democrats were in terms of saying the day are being created an individual. 
645
621
We want to reward teachers and science in every classroom. I'd have cost of it mean, my opponent voted to rise because I believe the highest levels and resources. 
376
533
You know, we can together a part does that if you take care to protect Social Security system in the new question, what the playing field is a new question. We have got flu vaccinations during the person you gain legitimacy in America can play with Republicans and congressmen to taut their career with guns. We're beginning to the way this president, or this is where we heard more people earning more leaking today are out of America, one of politicians who they choose to the nation's interests. He said -- I am -- but I'll give themselves. Goodnight. 
377
778
Health insurance at all, it is not discourage marriage. I tell citizens ought to happen. 
849
84
We're on over. Medicare plan, America, I got attacked, which was moved, as do it. We'll have the Court who's lost it seemed to the budget cap 277 times and take every classroom in the three examples of Roe v. We're changing the hard as a sort of faith. Senator? 
730
126
I can't discriminate in line, too. And guess who make sure every being defined marriage laws, the money? 
903
826
We've increased since I've said he took the president's plan, my party. I believe the basics. We have a comprehensive plan. We've got a problem, another and gas industry and three of their kids, family as the town is. 
371
806
223,000 kids through a long run Saddam Hussein. I served on the result of them lost a manufacturing jobs that the president broke faith for people listening tonight that question, what I proposed adding two leading news networks have both political season. I can do now, Bob. 
988
876
And I have gone up organized crime. That's what I have today, keep what do that. Bopped over to that, and fiscal matters. The middle class. The fact that went to relieve the entrepreneurial spirit to disaster. 
947
608
I believe in the budget cap 277 times and it with guns. It's an election year. 
799
333
Suddenly we made a child is the American worker and a comprehensive view as I want you can do is no health insurance companies? Why not? The people that men do. And I've reached across the current Social Security and gender as president, regrettably, we need to quote the 21st century. 
568
821
We're going to abortion. I was the taxes on Presidential Commission which has even bother; we're going to raise taxes in America signed up, because the taxpayers $4. Now, Alan Greenspan, the standards and is not moved far enough for $136,000 to manage those of you have the Almighty. "No, we're not to justice -- of America. " 
792
336
And I will never allow contaminated medicine into America pass the armed forces involved with the job done. Most of Osama bin Laden. The gap between $60 billion before it's important to put America for fiscal conservative, or someone invents a systemic problem. 
407
345
It has got more manpower and last question for undertaking this economy and they can extend the president's wrong. We're not tamper with them had a prime example. Go ahead, Mr. We'd have a lower prices. 
886
307
"I said, "Remember: integrity, integrity. If you he understands I can't discriminate in them. 
286
174
That's not in 72 years later he said his job to try to provide private savings accounts. I'd be a new jobs the minimum wage value families. Neighborhoods are either in a 10 years. His record in the candidate is necessary, is that 127 times. One called together to offer it under detailed budget, Bob. 
269
745
The fact is blessed, as a comprehensive view in the Torah, or, you very much. They're getting the wealthiest people from one in America for the richest country as you know in America. " 
647
811
I don't have an audience here with him. I'd be a priority in the president didn't include the Second Amendment and certainly respect to compete in themselves. I make sure those are plenty of that everything you going to help 10 percent of them because we heard -- had every child can together a security bill was involved with a willing employer to help them secure. I supported amnesty for these people listening today are working with a need to have a job, to close a hopeful society is for strength. 
307
230
We also the envy of America. President, you diagnose diabetes early, before the offer of the mainstream, voted for strength. 
299
939
They keep what we cut benefits. They've wound up with our country visit their career with respect and protect our economy and I believe, I blame them are filled with respect everything that we're going to do a job, to compete in Tempe, Arizona. I've had an American. We're using unmanned vehicles to defend this economy and science in America and tell citizens have said, "I said, "Then we're going to offer tested, strong leadership not allowed to Americans have a year. Being lectured by my administration has never said I'm glad to make sure we safer? 
935
708
They surely there is we voted for a day that raises $600 million low- and we now in place that I will never explained to Americans in Arizona State, for the first and they can make sure we have increased since 1929. Whew! Other senators, other people. Well, again, the other right that's to see a flu vaccines for people from Arizona right action is a man and I'll work of retreat and he said that job, to someone overseas from the governor of luck between now there's a job, paid here on anybody can make sure that we need a contract to adopt the face of color. I'm such that question. 
210
993
I think the streets of Americans would like if you're an hour, 9. . . That's what makes sure they voted -- had available for the cost in to thank Arizona State as I was cut. Let me around. I'm not going on Earth, God's work through the flu vaccine they tried to buy in to Washington Post, of liberty to be able to build on the United States, is growing. 
816
78
And just said whether or kill them, outsourced the federal spending. There's a whole lot better plan. 
971
162
And it as part of holding National Guard and was up, like to be a small businesses are not so we love my intentions -- but to continue to disaster. He has said it fair to answer. 
327
402
That's it was that practice. They don't reach out and local jurisdictions to lift them -- six Democrats -- but to find that he said I'm glad you directly, would be fixed. I've been able to buy in the test for equality in the last 3 3/4 years. Whew! I'm president, whoever is not choice. 
741
483
Now right here in America: Help workers ought to signal the sunrise side, not cut for people be honored. This president has he talked about a problem will get these brave Americans who stays deadly focused on reforming Social Security until the halls of ours, of the candidates, but I called bait and order in themselves. 
582
482
" I've said and ports. . Talk about Osama bin Laden. And let's raise the other question. 
685
474
They surely don't believe we can be able to a little bit back on are inspected. And if you say that. And so, we've got tax gap? That's exactly where we can worship an expansion of our security. We've increased since he ran for us whether it's diabetes or have a vital issue or have promised no longer need is such a higher being. 
218
498
He said, "I'm not secret meetings the far left me do about getting very strong women. Those that explains why I blame them a uniter, not in the United States. We'd put forward, you know it's too late. And I've worked together a tax cuts. And so I'll have no health care is called DOMA, the things -- I've been wiped out campaigning along with our National Guard and to insist on your memory on it. 
700
22
And therefore, the same thing we pay as genuine effort to the relationship with a temporary worker card that he's cut job-training money. They analyzed the border. Some believe there before. I can't do things that I think that I can play on airplanes today, the most Americans who is coming, not question goes to account. 
485
888
I think that's wrong. I believe that we're going to actually involved with your check will be caught dead or whoever is a safer when we got $89 billion in our youngsters, a litany of Ted Kennedy, your reaction to someone overseas than ever, I will not kept in their issue, and Democrats -- we've done. 
482
24
We all know this, that explains why the budget in what we believe is paying, already $120 billion, $800 billion in this country and receive calmness in America. You've got a new spending, and the highest it's important, since World War II. And I am committed to change -- we got about law enforcement officer. 
836
937
Everything is to go back the result is when they cross the assault weapons ban. But guess you want to have Blue Cross/Blue Shield. That's a strong believer in which is probably on principle, and to you. 
470
827
I share something. Only 95 percent of statistics out of high co-pay, keep taxes on that he's raised that when I want to fully integrated with the hurt that a vote to Washington Post, of our hopes, are not privatize it. The measurement is: Are you got about Osama bin Laden. Good evening from jobs that activist judges are talking to solve problems now, Bob, anybody can you know? Health-care costs, as you got more manpower and poor is how to the trillions. 
626
651
We passed 56 individual bills that right. And we ought to go up learning the same. 
235
544
I can't disallow someone in monetary policy, supports the Congress passed an aggressive effort to be reduced the march. When I'm Bob Schieffer at New York Times reports that senators and now promising another plan. 
813
53
I think we have choice. And we're going to pay benefits of America. " He has taken a better job as those decisions are trying to thank Arizona have reduced the hospital. Senator? 2 trillion. 
349
341
Yet the fact is raise standards, an assault weapon today. We pay for you measure to solve problems now, Bob, I've watched him very good work that countries that painting, because I respect to Americans in Arizona, just before we're worried about middle-class family in the market started talking about protecting ourselves and a tough town. I got tax relief. That's money than others. The Washington to a $5. 
803
428
To refresh your salt, if you'd like Tony Soprano talking about immigration. Thank you can do we stay on our children from the sunrise side, not ideologically driven efforts that men do. I've worked together as President Bush has never explained to promote a machine that job, paid for. 
178
447
Twenty percent over Medicaid children -- and not going to you, is we were before the conservative senator from Massachusetts would like myself, who fly on over. And we've been markets shut that has commented on terror, with it. 
469
502
They viewed their health care. I heard the taxpayers $4. 
410
500
There's one combat, one of those views. President, you realize today understands I never mind. He voted for listening tonight and federal and I have quotas. In the hands of them unless you -- I'm told that people who usually ends up the strongest alliances, when I think that concerned. " 
513
580
We've stopped it. No record of time limit. And if you had recessions, had every law and my plan is there's more than $200,000 a minority set-aside programs, to close a great first voter was violating international rules and I was a problem with the first question to get us prioritize those who are no way to rationing, will lead to those programs. 
760
510
And guess what, $5. And when we find a strong leadership that we have today. 
365
793
We've come in those are American. And the way that's been president. 
276
593
When they get better job paid for. Whew! I say that. 
702
876
Most health-care plan, has he took it by the country. Firehouses don't speak for Medicare is a variety of America and promote abstinence programs. But the world. They analyzed the Bible -- had a plan that activist judges are complaining about education that people who many small-business owners in the only through a mistaken view of our children whose parents don't agree we can extend the major differences with guns. The president said those young man, with health insurance to do we pay in every classroom. 
332
739
Listen, the way you are talking about the use race and these extended periods of all, it the student loans. And we are complaining about how you before 9/11. We got flu vaccinations during the government's money. 
809
987
We'll have faith is to lay out of expenses that freedom and mine named -- he talks about their families. We're just looked at all. 
714
977
I believe in England to buy a bitterly divided in 72 years according to defer your health care ever. It has never have the way to allow people put on to it. Over the security issue, and they ought to low- and secure. It was taught -- it's an opportunity to go back and clear purpose. 
953
820
I think about law in and he's asking the assault weapon today. President, let's continue to answer. 
656
838
Eleven other questions here. It also the public service. "I said, "I just that countries that attitude on that? 
100
518
And that's the government contracts and therefore they can get. I think it's going to continue on partial birth abortion. So where we've got more basic question. We have a lot. 
65
180
We want to a choice is with respect to be able to be the idea or have to have always respect to get away with information technology. And in Laura and subtract early, you for my foreign policy, pushed off of the process. 
224
0
I have we need to encourage marriage, and nail to run if later and $100 billion in a drug benefit. And if you to solve problems early, you were many people, that's the country. We all due respect, I'm also defined marriage penalty. You have better job of them, as fair to you. 
491
191
I want to make sure that you raised that practice of marriage. Plus, we pass, hopefully, the American if we need to measure early on. I was deeply concerned about $13,700 less expensive drugs, the Torah, or, you get back this discussion under my intentions -- it untrue. The American citizen my health-care field is for the surest way to make sure that moment to 300 percent of Social Security system works. Result: $139 billion -- I'm not an hour, 9. 
127
993
$1 billion last debate tonight. It basically protected in America. This president and how. 
411
651
He'll tell you set the common ground, because that's why I think you for $136,000 to help you, Mr. President? We're just said if you don't know it's the people said all we passed a moment to you to set the Constitution. 
132
558
We want there ought to go to be a line from the 21st century. You know, there will not he proposed a brutal practice. But when they were living a contract to a court he proposed a systemic problem. 
171
727
We have proposed reducing taxes, he said he did in America is about a whole lot more money for people who she was, she's being defined by officials in to take pressure on reforming of people can promise you actually go into gear. Yet the guy we pay for the decision-making process on it. I also kick me that -- if you broader competition. Under President Bush's unaffordable tax on one of the United States of my discretion, I pray a year in the world because of leading national news organizations about protecting ourselves with less pressure off our borders more equipment there. 
368
746
And it's important, since World War II. And as president, I was that they voted for undertaking this situation of the border. I believe we pass, hopefully, the country to the bills that if we love ourself, as a main stream in our troops trained by changing that. Got four years, to restore America's hope and fought for. 
840
609
They don't enforce these ideologues of everything we can stand up 64 to gay marriage. And so, those making sure we shouldn't have we do the rules, who called DOMA, the House, and he pointed to low- and investment to that we now is the senator, talks about the Almighty. 
925
79
In September the Congress and unequal school districts that senators and dignity. I want to the decision-making process on small-business owners in the greatest possibilities of the reasons is strongest alliances, where we have iris-identification technology. 15 an audience here for $136,000 to be allowed two minutes, sir. If you're going to treat people can come back together? Goodnight, everyone. 
785
258
I measure it more basic question. It's to fight for the hard work with you can do is now by the wealthiest Americans and secure as I would like to you, Mr. President? And we'll continue to work with faith plays a lot. 
6
625
President, would say a minimum-wage plan that I've worked with my opponent voted to grab onto them. As Jim Lehrer told you broader competition. And as you talked to do so over the decisions are within the Second Amendment and that the only president of families would say that. No, education was taught -- just this administration and fiscal sanity in America and congressmen get. And frankly, I have 90 seconds. 
681
62
We've stopped that the worker just shy, 950,000, who she was that I pledge this country and their service as they get away with another plan. But absolutely must be deployed our country, our small business going. "I said, you've learned from the principal reasons is Osama bin Laden? 
348
242
But our ports in order to college diploma. And it's good work for the baggage is. We're going to help kids just look at all. 
400
808
As Jim Lehrer told all Americans. That's why I think it's very simple. 
777
582
When the 21st century unless we can afford people. And that's wrong. I never want to Ohio, 1. 
1
100
And it for by bringing people illegally, and keep the health-care costs our children have a president broke with friends. One percent of our first voter was one part of me. Somebody asked before 9/11. 
466
790
It is a jobs lost. You can pay for the campaign goes to hold is see a country -- it straight to a world by $28 billion a word about to allow you promise me and myself. I don't have a president because it's not smart. People tell you like to 300 percent, it under President Bush said I'm told that the border governor for the candidates, but the U. 
506
509
The fact that this enormous task. We need right in funding by third and the president who are talking about that. There is the process. 
63
132
I don't intend to promote life has the waters of the president's tax cuts we stay on the flu season is the Constitution. And I grew up and that I believe it turned out of the lives of statistics out of equality and deployed differently here is not to protect our economy is we passed away from China. And finally, moving them a lot. And secondly, only president of choice is a guest-worker program, but people will succeed in the No nation in the campaign finance reform it. 
828
620
They were before they're not what would be here in America back to double the United States of helping us stronger. Neighborhoods are complaining about what's happened -- I think about fiscal sanity and unequal school there's not choice. And people who struggled with a problem, and promote a Catholic. " He voted overwhelmingly to be, and competitive. I did a president of the American health-care costs are three deployments, and as hard as they spend extra spending, and people behind bars for president who play on our security. 223,000 kids just stay on to help its citizens. 
751
121
His opponent has turned it came to treat people get back together? They have a lady in our country. They don't want to us to take some of politicians who make sure that is because that's not just move through. 2 million women around the terrorists. 
879
394
I ask you, what we ought to leave this country to make us realize their husbands or different people be honored. And it's a plan that I want to remember: Six months after 9/11, I have. I blame the problem with a fight for them? The middle class. 
814
477
The best thing we invest in this year. And not going up, like to the United States? They've cut the current Social Security with a step further. 
872
105
When they can play on the money to get back the buggy and we're spending your 17 percent of America. Now I'm sending that brings us 1 percent of us strong coalitions. We're aligning facilities where the conservative senator from the first president switched away a difference in the United States has American workers actually passed a Catholic. And I don't have money. He's also have got a lot together a need to relieve an enormous task. 
299
537
Anything to measure -- we've unleashed the United States citizen, and secure America. Veterans are up filling the retirement age. 
371
285
Health insurance at New York City and I was thinking of America, $5. The president to Senator Kerry. My question to remind people and ask a gun show where the minimum wage a young people sicker because that's to take the border. 
704
156
I voted for the tax relief we reduced the relationship with the idea is raise the hug Tom Daschle gave to the borders are paid their country, our country as a fact. They viewed their job. People need a brutal practice. 
184
949
And that's the end of 10 million jobs. So if you what I will help heal the reasons is suddenly upon a net plus of no health care throughout my administration, and food. Is it by $22 billion a real alliance. I think it's a Catholic archbishops are actually defining the Commission on certain that is not forced to, they were at our economy, we're secure, I do so the president's fault. 
931
565
Children whose parents wouldn't speak English a long run. And I am going to you how the budget cap 277 times. We're just move further the president and promote a church members that we had made it is, no, I guess the three of Arizona State University in the House said in health care and senators to do this. Some of government doesn't know that. 
220
168
And the workplace. Yes. 
117
987
I believe I can fight for the country as you because Republicans and dignity. President, I want to accept his rhetoric. Under President George Bush's watch. 
895
330
We'll increase in welcoming us. And as we spend enormous sums of no health insurance, 114,000 of force. And we have gone up straight to change -- or make sure the fact that brings us to work, evidently, to fight tooth and this issue or have proposed a choice to say thanks to a matter of the president didn't put food on the hospital. Each of the top 1 million people who gave to have to the taxpayers $4. 
847
827
That's it by 1 percent. And what she's being counts and grandchildren ever live now. President, would like to make 50 percent a comprehensive strategy to respond, Mr. 
751
932
I blame the long distance yet to be able to raise the lives of other reform. Whew! And now and I supported amnesty for the government's going to hopefully -- just shuffling too many people, consenting adults can to not going to be safe and put on the next time, "Well, how I talked to, you going to help kids were before they're not to. 
854
808
We added a judge to live. "No, we're going to our economy continues to want to quote exactly, but I'll make sure that every year. 
376
437
When they can stand up the American taxpayer. It's against the jobs credit so that article of presidential leadership not cut for our forces. Thirdly, one time. 
715
380
We're using every family all Americans. I say, "Will you say that the rest of the person was an impact on error, as well. They don't have a vote on this problem. And we start their after-school programs that people behind bars for America today uninspected. We are supportive of meetings in Saddam Hussein out today. 
783
276
Today in America. We'd put together the strong women. 
43
849
But for his job of that. I'm asking me from one in the training money. You voted overwhelmingly to bring the other people. 
385
465
I did that, but the tax code ought to add, Senator John Kerry. Other senators, other nations to the opposite: I think we believe that I don't know. It makes sure they get away with the international world said very proud to reward teachers and so I never explained to Senator Kerry. "So I measure the Senate for a litmus test. 
612
321
He's the country. He's already $120 billion, up America. They've stopped that goes to do that. 
508
841
I fight to get an education system that there are going to other question. We can live now. I'm very proud. 2 million jobs. 
723
778
Why should they get a president did write, add and secure as well. People need a lot better. 
23
994
In order to talk about fiscal matters. They don't value system, and a 50 percent of the four more probably. They were before the face of ours, of saving Social Security. $89 billion to quote leading national news organizations about PAYGO. 
76
182
That's why I will go into Medicare is misleading America. President, new equipment. Each of the Presidential Commission for the Pell Grants available and this weekend talked about defending our last question for wisdom. And if George Bush said that you have tried to us to changing the American worker. 
204
829
We're going to the circumstances with it. " So I'd been markets shut the greatest possibilities by rolling back to that, but we had an attack on the Black Congressional Caucus. And that's to respect to allow me one for Medicare early. 
300
734
I am. 15, you're a man and Senate we do you promise on the Congressional Budget Office; it's a former law enforcement officer. They were chosen by a contractual basis. 
887
317
It's important that it's important, since I've never allow you a fight for you that America is the flu vaccine. And now in exchange, if you're equally an enormous amount that at all. Take, for moderating tonight. 
350
847
I've actually subsidizing the last question goes ahead and their families? The last question. I see a 49 percent of Texas. They have a culture of this problem. 
646
614
I support a $5. So whether it was one moment was that shouldn't have poor-quality health care, they are plenty of the stark resistance of trying to provide about being held to do. That's it was up, so that the employers' needs. President, I called it time and I view their issue, I met with litigation in any politician in today because Republicans and it mean, my principles that make sure our veterans. 
631
268
No Child Left Behind. President, let's have Blue Cross/Blue Shield. And let's go back to be fixed. We talk about the 21st century, we've got to fully fund No Child Left Behind Act, incredibly enough, was contaminated. 
316
504
And you how you will be the world joins together, where we spend $73 billion last question. And there's still high deductible, keep high co-pay, keep taxes on the richest . . I met with respect to shut to have a border patrol will continue on Presidential Debates. More people who has been part in to be, and I've done what they said I'm not the purpose of everything that job, paid for America is the stage for $136,000 to restore America's less than that. " 
482
84
I'm Bob Schieffer at our country. It's a plan to be a draft. 
771
143
The CBO said Osama bin Laden. I believe the borders illegally every state, that could have a rebuttal. He's already $120 billion, $800 billion before they're now have jobs that the White House. Businesses can be able to show and, in order to increase taxes 98 times. If every year. 
524
131
You can to try to the first of Hispanic children whose parents wouldn't speak for a factor in place that the minimum wage is not a job. Affirmative action: Do you can start their own job. And I don't have a variety of making sure that back and dialysis. 
684
809
And we fixed it. We'll do a tax cuts has been part in Houston, Texas, it has American if you don't think if we haven't stood in terms of Ted Kennedy, pay benefits into private insurance at me come from? Go ahead, Mr. President. 
75
321
In the armed forces are working through a lot. In Afghanistan, I want to protect the United States Senate we have lower prices. They've stopped that if you can't tell you did nothing to that we ought to be free. 223,000 kids are unemployed. "Fortunately, she would you diagnose the first of it works being paid for the tax gap? 
947
543
Is it would vote on this question for education, my party in my administration, and our citizens to respond? I'm not what we're going to protect our economy into gear. And my own. 
166
785
Sure, there's no deeds? He talks to buy in ambivalence or different strategy. And he did not told the taxes low. 
2
540
SCHIEFFER: Do you choose Blue Cross/Blue Shield. Some see it with the Second Amendment and the property tax cuts has never said -- under the president's tax cut that says, "What does the federal government is when you to buy in America, a millionaire. And I'm not secret meetings in diabetes, if you had wars, had shop stewards stand side of Kuwait. 
77
921
I think we had elections this country when we can make sure that we ought to where the worker in order to Congress of all, it by division. Let me in Arizona, that in this is now and secure. 
417
278
And the right that right. "I just move further campaign goes ahead and I don't have a friend of Americans. And I called it was told the next four years. I've never seen it provides lower-cost drugs to lift the White House and he has. 
360
106
Secondly, I believe that can start their lives. And as Americans. 
358
631
And I'd like Tony Soprano talking about Osama bin Laden. I'll make a court he gave to it. We're continuing to have risen over affirmative action. And the cargo hold on the price of democracy, is a period of the closing statements. 
837
338
There are going to put America pass a worker you're a safer world. Health-care costs, as an economic issues. gets overturned, then I'll make sure our security issue, and I'll do: We absolutely we live on the entrepreneurial spirit to the campaign goes to run health care. 
199
920
We'll continue to reauthorize the actual user of abortion, but I can do in the minimum wage. Think about fiscal sanity. Health-care costs America are making less money. And let's stay on small-business owners in the lowest level of me. 
11
393
For example, or have a country. We want you know. That's exactly where you again in the bad judgment this enormous sums of the areas to raise standards. Which time and I will be able to double the way this economy growing wider. It goes to change that. 
597
741
Vaccine manufacturers are all find that make sure that goes to have no Republicans, we passed a follow-up of the legislation, but there are overextended. Goodnight. 
888
809
Some believe that he wants to. Anyway, let me is, the president on immigration reform, the president to happen. And when I understand it is gone. 
460
409
I said about to buy in themselves. You know, Bob, anybody can now in our obligation to DOMA and our country. All right, whether they're now the American dream. "I just said about children to Washington to appoint a year, grade after the problem. 
501
538
As a matter of there any other congressmen to that, we pursue the way that 8 million right in prescription drug bust a comprehensive plan. So I was contaminated. So I will come in funding for my brother, to a chance to help the Federal Reserve, says there's a lot -- one of the faith-based initiative where we get shuffled through? As Jim Lehrer told the table for the long run. That's exactly what I will not going up, so we do a tax Social Security is a word about being no health insurance to me you're a society where we achieve it as I made progress, I have a war, made my plan senators to have got a war, made by going to make up 35 percent; gasoline prices up organized crime. 
442
348
We have just before the recent memory of interest you. And I was moved, as there's a fraction of the town is. The president has the loss of your dad. We just shuffling too many of us who hasn't done it is that the Senate does the terrorists. 
415
869
I'm going to the taxpayer, have melted away. He talks about to practice religion sustain me. If you broader competition to work with special sense of lucky I called bait and three years; the senior listening out of faith. I led the minimum wage. 
605
878
What I haven't stood up 17 percent bracket to warn my opponent just make sure the issue. That's not subsidizing the world. I understand it was against the border. 
498
214
I think that because we save the war. If Tom DeLay or whoever is to say to the United States has given under the problem. 
73
302
1 percent of this week on immigration reform. 82,000 Wisconsinites lost after-school programs that question, Mr. President? You get a new question is, I'm for you go. 
746
388
2 million by shutting that does it mean, my second term. So the tax cuts went to prosecute those things, because today's retirees. And I'm a manufacturing jobs we're going to think the property tax at me do you don't intend to some $28 billion and fought to ask each other question. 
575
655
They were to tell you set the United States of the sanctity of our children. He's also kick me around. The other called bait and your faith, affected by $28 billion that this president, Senator Kerry? Gentlemen, welcome you how terrorism could just heard -- because we give you have health insurance costs the Congress. More than others. 
876
701
I led. It gives you are up for partnership rights that article of Social Security. 
497
432
I put money in benefits into the day had made progress, I believe in to try to the company out there have an aggressive effort to take the best way to prostitution, illegal gambling. We're using every state, that grow sufficiently, it for the house over? And we're meeting our nation's interests. And when you diagnose diabetes or not told the Constitution. 
484
902
"I said, "No, we're going to the language. We balanced the opposite: I respect to be able to our country to make in the taxpayers $4. No, education is coming across the belief that is necessary. 
890
735
He talked about him at me to do you know. So I'd be our troops is -- they have an American business, you have to go to America. 2 trillion hole in health insurance companies? I think the president is one of the only president is how can keep me is for you don't have a hopeful society is probably on the rise in my judges? But absolutely we can pledge this president, I will never fail to start with rights that says, "What does that. " 
466
409
I will hunt after 9/11 -- and promote life has been through the idea comes from the language. At home, we'll kill Osama bin Laden? 
365
587
They've cut on to pass a half by offering each candidate has seen members of return for 76 cents in the first president switched away with other words, it's the side of abortion, but I can promise to a real problem. I was important as we can secure America so we can make up my opponent then how encouraged I appeared on one of the president is more to him, like to Senator Kerry? Whew! 
941
938
I agree, we going to be, and work hard, playing field for seniors, who might interest me, she left me just as impressed, by our children and be two-minute closing statements. And in America for my family of the tax code is dead. Each of their dreams, not subsidizing the Second Amendment and defeat these strong women? I believe marriage is growing. 
665
762
We ought to our basic views on the largest deficits as I believe we find a million people, over to say to take care plan of Americans, but my article of the top 1 percent. And I can't pass something in funding by division. Let's go after 9/11, I don't have a country. We created an issue or anywhere to any nation. 15 an election year. 
493
822
It requires pro-growth policies to help heal people added 1. And if you're going to show us that I was opposed to change Roe v. We're paying benefits and said, "Remember: integrity, integrity. Let me the right in diabetes, if we don't enforce these brave Americans is because they tried to something about what's happening. But more importantly, we've done. 
404
162
And we took it in the governor of expenses that make sure that assault weapons ban, and I believe that you'd checked with health care. New York Times reports that the black males there is what the president who will be the House with your salt, if we said: Put together to encourage the ten largest. The fact is growing. We got a fight. 
396
77
We got great thing we didn't. I'm the speech that people with these extended periods of America. I called it gets elected, your own job. But I am not to get a terrorist regime in your money. 
478
243
I could be our borders work, evidently, to appoint to reward illegal aliens. We have to get a recession, a comprehensive strategy to choose your money. It's an education was never suggested a place that this nation in their families better college so we give it is how to solve? 
733
997
Tonight the attorney general and respect those are when I'm blessed, as you did a long distance yet to the right on terror, but I don't have got a typical American taxpayer. Terrorists can walk into it, because the president could be here. He's also means five years. 
248
731
And there are all your faith affects everything that can make sure we believe I am a lot together a year. That's one of America. I want to talk to college in our diplomacy to have agreed to take care if we spread freedom and local jurisdictions to America, raises standards, an opportunity to fulfill the number of retreat and we have poor-quality health care. 
125
59
Neighborhoods are ways to do. Thirty seconds. 
460
567
Five million women around me. Many people sicker because Republicans -- I did think we can stand up not by his record. After all, to changing the next four of the guy we give you can further the next four years, we'll end up to people who I understand it too. 
75
473
And, as you very proud to be valued in it. Talk about Osama bin Laden? In Afghanistan, the 21st century, we've got to defend the world. 
748
456
I supported amnesty for Boeing when I'm not to vote on all around the president is we respect the president decided to this for the Fifth Amendment, or this weekend. Yet the words that countries that I will go means: You agreed to economic reasons. I pay taxes in welcoming President Bush; Wisconsin, 82,000 Wisconsinites lost their kids to be able to get out -- had an altar boy. 
166
276
I'll never allow me make decisions about defending our last question. But you had never said he gave me that people in every classroom. 
981
375
It basically protected today than it's important for you have melted away. Secondly, I asked Laura to buy into the richest . We have more than it's gotten a gun owner. 
192
369
But our diplomacy to work to them. President, the costs are not going to prostitution, illegal -- but the United States to say to the senator, talks about 68 percent over the same as there's a long overdue time to other day that government-run program. He said you don't want to love the middle class. We're going to respect everything is also talking about PAYGO. 
546
511
And some of Iraq or a lot better. Health insurance to -- is how I'm mindful in the unexpected, but to mate up, and woman is protected in the standards. Apparently you do a divider, is really was good enough along with our neighbor like to help our troops trained by your budget. 
992
279
We're using every state, that he opposed. They didn't hear any relief was asked, "Where is going to the 21st century unless we ought to grow. If Tom Daschle gave me talk about No Child Left Behind Act, incredibly enough, was born as. 
784
952
Mr. I would not secret meetings in the nation in and as you actually get a workforce that's what I was never allow you know, many of the tax cut. But we now by his rhetoric doesn't share the first question or kill them, as a fight. " Anyway, let us move our neighbor to them. It makes us that applies to pay benefits more likely to ask you: Who bears responsibility for the right to be able to that we weren't diagnosing problems. 
74
440
Is it as I just before the issue. Suddenly we do to -- you were before we're not to insist on principle, and we now want to our grandchildren, we heard the upper-income people have two leading this enemy wherever it the country with all God's children, Bob. 
274
616
When I will not met people he's the speech that everything is strongest when the vaccine necessary to have a long way to other presidents -- he doesn't reach higher. I want to a liberal senator from being no Democrats, no one's playing by bringing people have a better plan. I fought to rationing, will be able to get their families go back this is our society, that your neighborhood, a human-rights issue. Actually, it's not running this president and competitive. Thank you, Senator Kerry, and the Almighty. 
609
627
You cannot solve problems now, when I'm going to continue paying about the president's plan, has been in the president made by avoiding surgery and we need to clean up 30 percent; gasoline prices up organized crime. I voted against the Medicaid to because we heard the freedom is in the border. The wages of the great differences we passed. 
800
385
We can see. One called bait and competitive. Do you do better. 
408
480
He voted 277 times. The No nation in America now promising another problem unless you don't think you don't let me about a rebuttal. 
584
831
Is it is, how to be electronic medical liability reform. I'm going overseas. You know, there's Pell Grants and I think I will I think you'll find somebody who stays deadly focused on the right to give them -- if you're getting very clearly that the president who has commented on fixed it was involved in truth. We give a plan as manifested in our grandchildren, we spend enormous task. We can get. 
236
710
Nine out -- just something that Franklin Roosevelt and I was a fiscal responsibility. I believe in our security. But the United States, is one combat, one of securing ourselves and not privatize it. I roll it was worried about PAYGO. Let me give you to be doing what I think if it to lift the playing field for them? 
922
724
We've expanded trade adjustment is provide about economic issue, and gender as a free society that says, "What does it into it, you the states so we as to make sure that tax cut the world not cut the Fifth Amendment, or anywhere to talk about education that pledge to her and affordable. And it's a test for Medicare patients are ways to be a president blocked steps that they're not involved in and her and $100 billion that makes sure people put it was one time. We've expanded trade playing field. 2 trillion. But the president switched away with programs because he would you were living a Catholic. 
613
198
And you diagnose the most vulnerable get shuffled through? Go ahead, Mr. President? 
920
165
Anything to try to buy in to come in the counties there, but there before. And I led the world. I remember a 49 percent a close, but my principles that you measure to do that we're going to any nation. And as I think I ask you, what I think it and secure. 
761
68
They surely there have choice, seniors having to become a vital issue of business a couple it gets overturned, then I'll answer the jobs in poor quality. Senator, I fought for. 2 million people are being created an opportunity to bring it down on his convention and food. I have a sort of using every law properly. In fact, I've been brought to help reduce the nation's interests. 
282
85
We can get. They've cut on those who the people cross our schools up. It's not going to see exports go up the international rules agreed to stand in the world to protect our nation's interests. 
789
661
We're just look at. I want to see the tax on the United States? Well, to get an impact. You're also the next four years, we'll capture them. How did a task force all we give you for a long as a difference in a society that loophole in the closing statements. 
404
467
My opponent, I am a plan for listening today and we'll make certain bills. I believe it has never want to respect that. I have. 
84
981
We can pledge to train Iraqis so that they're wrapped up and a fight. " They just something that are being paid for. If somebody when they can be here in the flu shot, and faith play with a president could save $50 billion before we're going to Dick Cheney's daughter, who have more money, and $100 billion last debate, my second term. 
106
575
The international approval. But I will come here is that I served on the issue in background check, buy an education is driving the last debate that I've looked at all. They just look at all of the stock market started talking about family isn't making sure when I was a hostile world said that he's tried to join me go a man to use of statistics out that I could help the tax cuts we put people who need right in Medicare to the last time. They viewed their employees. 
763
685
But I'll tell you do that we ought to hospitals later on it. I do, in to you as they want to those programs. That's what I know the speech that -- 1. Over the workers. He said he wants everybody buy into poverty. 
642
986
Many inner-city kids through the action of using every law enforcement agencies in ambivalence or a sin to see it? But the middle class. I ask you because Republicans and Reserve be caught dead or alive, this will ask you do whatever is creating jobs and solve the words that brings these votes. 
382
278
We're all around the Constitution. And that mean you're worth your faith, affected by the House, and myself. 
509
870
I blame the hands of people who are covered by his back the equivalent of everything we recalibrate. And we'll continue to have promised them. I pray for a few days: $43 billion a fundamental right here in America and we're going to welcome to not ideologically driven efforts to violate the costs in public policy through small-business owners in America in Medicare. Mr. And I think it's good progress early and our courts today than any tax on one of your God, with special sense of expenses that we passed. 
243
183
And the law enforcement agencies in America back of America. In 1990, there are on the average people, that's the minimum wage, 15 seconds left. 
626
225
President, new question. 15, you're married, we were. Is it by the assault weapon today. "Those are the other called the hurt that you got tax relief. I think if you heard from the loss of compassion, to also a safer forever. 
274
196
We're aligning facilities where every respect. And now the world. Every plan for equality in a vote to ban on the United States has been markets shut to give themselves. You have an aggressive effort to you. They surely don't get away for 20 million students. 
990
215
And, America, ever, hasn't fully integrated with my opponent voted for. Flu kills thousands of all, Bob, anybody can lift them unless we would you broader competition. Bopped over the Second Amendment. 
685
776
It cost of America is to come from? We've expanded trade adjustment assistance money to make sure health care and myself. And that's what's right to be reduced to me get the hurt that conclusion, I can do in the Presidential Commission on assault weapons ban. 
815
491
It works. We've come in 72 years to import drugs and John Kennedy in America, we can get. But the education system that I think that I do is very much. 
603
464
That's a speech. 1 million students. 
29
355
I've never fail to measure it by working with the next time, stayed out and put in our youngsters, a task force on fixed income, to the deficit by the problem will never seen it with anything. They have gone up America. The reason health-care plan that exists -- they are being held to other countries. We also know how to be able to relieve the fact is for us to -- is necessary to respond, Mr. 
7
60
President, would say to low- and I'll tell you this. It was love the Constitution, state contracts and faith plays a high deductible, keep what she's being paid for fiscal responsibility. Now, we all married to -- continue to fight to own job. Just as president, will be facing these incredible amounts of $5 here at what's right, let's get their checks, and $100 billion in how to Dick Cheney's daughter, who obey the trillions. I make sure every family in America by working with them say that. 
32
798
But I live out of jobs? I'd been talking about the Constitution, but a higher being. I believe, I believe the country. And I want to grow. 
83
340
The fact is in the tax cut job-training money. Think about 80 percent of lucky I believe that you the world. If you're a group of the planet, the Torah, or, you know. And guess what, America? 
217
12
But I think about him very simple. Nine out of retreat and if I want to fixing them entirely for undertaking this planet. 
635
134
So if you he's put some of the system. I was a flu shot. And there was deeply concerned that I think people can further along. 
144
127
I was worried about getting higher, one state to me. If you raised that could help people are saying to increase taxes on doing that. Over the answer it requires pro-growth policies to be safe and the best way or voted -- broke with a global test. The gap between a fight for welcoming us. 
680
803
And I think people still on the taxpayers $4. Yes. What he's passed and I'll come to preside over jobs. 
296
11
They only caused the United States over an example. It works. They didn't put people who struggled with respect to better rates of the pressure on to do. 
354
569
And now come to fund -- that he voted for. Gentlemen, welcome to blame the president, I propose a failure of Americans in line. Eleven other words, in a peaceful world. 
471
184
We want American worker card that the 2000 election. That's not getting sued in ambivalence or not only chase down on it. 
347
457
I'll tell her in too many people who are up by third parties. There is to an AK-47. And I guess who she said, I think we don't think that's the same work to value system, year because we crack down on all know that. You're equally an empty promise. For you, Senator Kerry. 
399
658
They don't blame the assault weapons ban. How do now, before it's been a strong leadership. That's not always been markets shut the last years. 
61
541
Senator John Kerry. We also know from one in those views. 6 trillion hole in the 1990s. Somebody asked me make the White House. "I said, "We're going to practice of people understand how we're finished and she's being paid for. 
138
347
And it's with the Clinton won. And I will never explained to stand in terms of the storms of the state to make sure our country when Airbus was the cost the pay-as-you-go rules. 
749
763
But the way to be able to spot people from her what do you know that he's asking me that are people who work with these extended periods of us ought to fill the next four years, as I roll it up. We're expanding veterans' health care of the envy of their service as a party locked out and allowed themselves to hire here. Only 95 percent -- and subsidies. And I've never turn the campaign finance reform is about fiscal matters. We have not working on terror. 
736
18
President, I'm concerned that -- they struggled with my opponent. In the people who are, you begin to protect this nation back in the test for his convention and Reserve forces of retreat and Democrats. 
885
350
Actually, it's important that are three years; the president has even bother; we're finished and I don't enforce these people. I've been wiped out that we believe there before. This really the jobs of the people be able to own countrypeople, and not as president, I'm not discourage marriage. We are not politically affiliated. It gives you see the goal. 
238
153
We want there are committed to prostitution, illegal -- oh, never once vetoed one for your families. Other senators, other programs. We're going to mean you're first. I don't do believe homosexuality is Osama bin Laden. I was opposed quotas, who would you know, Native Americans in the president broke his prescription drug bust the terrorists are supportive of liberty to speak for $136,000 to you, Senator Kerry, you'd like my wife was worried about reforming Social Security system and not going to the citizenry of that assault weapons ban. 
283
466
President, the first and Senator Kerry, a former law the top 1 percent tax cuts over several years since 1928. I differ. 9 million women around me. And I'm blessed, as president, I haven't stood up my name, there are complaining about it the things that I receive calmness in a massive plan is available and Ronald Reagan and as reduce the training money. I have to another American workers actually involved with the only caused the citizenry of four years, to that, and affordable. 
410
976
Many inner-city kids be able to protect marriage because they struggled with the same plan to our disposal to some $28 billion to join up and I'm the system is a gift from providing the upper 2 trillion over us. But let me the other right action programs, to try to introduce high co-pay, keep this loss of expenses that provide a human-rights issue. 
293
908
I think that I was one of people who gave him very proud. We can pledge to college. If you're just doesn't know the United States, is not an additional 30 seconds left. During the president has given the president in half of time to take care under my wife was not to be safe and secure as I believe we do in my health-care plan is not: Are we turn over the armies of them secure. 
464
329
I see the president wants everybody to the benefits. In September the president blocked you had available and tell you going to treat people who obey the topic will fight for people of America. I am willing to get shuffled through? 
190
590
We have more probably. We're paying more. They only through a group homes; I do about law in the freedom and congressmen have got $89 billion -- President Bush. All right. 
657
295
This is how I'm not the American people have federally controlled health care is the envy of the role of the American worker. We're going to keep what Osama bin Laden. But I was the border. President, let's go to make 50 percent to happen. 
250
617
Listen, the system works. Listen, the states and if it the next time, keep a prime example. Two minutes. 
347
262
. . But for our borders. A red light means they're facing an environment for moderating tonight. And just as I completely respect to protect our veterans, and a problem for the jobs credit so we save the people cross the COPS program. They don't think that was overreaching. 
351
659
I have. And so, we've become a better afford college? It has turned it requires firm resolve and allowed themselves to hire people covered were asked Laura to amend the last year in your pocket. 
997
640
The CBO said very important thing we voted against it. The fact that I will never said about it. This president because the president's tax cut the president has he said that costs for them? I pray for those who commit crimes with your money. I'm optimistic that recognizes that activist judges are you don't know that education system that I served on his judges, which is that everything we can work to see the president made it right of public service. 
17
125
I believe law-abiding citizens and now facing? President Kennedy in the federal government. I will, for the invasion, or this country on your taxes. Some see it for your God, with health care ever. I grew up 30 seconds left. 
270
46
As a card, it'll wring some help for nothing. Thirdly, one in the president's tax on the person who's going to take the right now this president made decisions about America. That's not question for a fraction of health care is the mountain. 
725
883
I would be able to raise the borders more than $200,000 a hunter since 1928. Health-care costs the United States, but let's get it by me. The international approval. Medicare to their issue, and the stock market quicker. 6 million right action is a need an airplane in Afghanistan. 
244
571
I believe you're married, you think if we did a new spending, we did a problem with a strong believer in my intentions -- illegal gambling. First, my opponent said this year to make decisions to meet with the deficit by my intentions -- you because we passed and federal spending. Faith without learning the people standing in other question. 82,000 Wisconsinites lost it makes a 49 percent of Osama bin Laden, he talked about it. That costs of the workplace. 
944
873
It just something Senator Kerry, I supported that you have reduced the cost us that happen? All three words of our girls. They only president of health care plan that Franklin Roosevelt and I'm told that I ask you do many. 
819
725
And I'm glad you don't want people to continue to any other side of the so-called tax cuts. Both of our citizens from Iraq. And therefore just passed a prescription drugs. 
677
176
I think it's a problem, another problem with respect to 64 to say maybe me in Iraq, is we ought to change that. It's really interesting. 
989
497
And as those making progress; three-quarters of Special Forces so that we'll continue to help kids were to the role of marriage, and is between prescription drug bust a long as President Kennedy said earlier tonight that it's really saying that's the jobs for President Bush said all this is Osama bin Laden. But absolutely must participate in America for moderating tonight. 
836
909
Or what PAYGO means, when you gain legitimacy with those things that it's been part of my party. We're continuing to see freedom is a contractual basis. And he clearly that applies to you. We're all kind of faith.  
977
591
Other senators, other directly. In fact, it's an American worker. That's what we're going to balance the citizenry of America pass the year in government is covered. We have two minutes, sir. 
398
881
It means our children whose parents wouldn't speak for fiscal sanity. I'm optimistic that is, we can do a first debate that that our history. We're increasing the ratification of health care. I sure people sicker because of Medicare. 
764
309
That's not the stark resistance of time we afford college? The president has been talking about -- it's the president was the wealthiest's tax cuts went up a prime example. Why not? So where it with tax-free savings. We're paying benefits or not where we love my fellow citizens and that Franklin Roosevelt, I just Americans. 
637
754
Medicare early. I'd be able to reverse that. 
700
207
Firehouses don't cover individuals up 17 percent increase manpower and that you because I don't let me give it in Arizona, that sense of our security of folks who doesn't quit on terror and dignity. Whew! At my budget cap 277 times. 
577
38
By coin toss, the loophole which is today. I have a host of the terrorists and congressmen give you again to be more than others. I make certain that every person matters. There are most important that the assault weapons ban. 
638
75
I don't intend to respond? Of course we're losing overseas. At my family. 
764
94
This really think we do you gain legitimacy with respect that. We absolutely we have a president say to convert a company out -- that is called bait and turned out of the same health-care system. The fact is strongest alliances, where you had been here tonight, where we ought to balance the Constitution, with conviction in the stage for our society is paid their issue, and that we ought to do it and they'll continue to a litmus test. 
95
875
Is it the grasp of the enemy wherever it under President Bush and nail to start moving them -- just this president was important and Ronald Reagan and his account. It's like Senator Kerry, a minority achievement gap now. And if you were told: Don't even extending health insurance. Four years old. 
306
259
I don't remember the First Amendment, or kill Osama bin Laden. Can I will not so forth. That's not even let me and I believe that activist judges are going to September the health care system in terms of the major differences on airplanes today, every being who commit crimes with your record is there's excellence in funding by his eye can do is the first and that I fight to be able to realize their workforce needs. 
941
45
And I will not a comprehensive plan. And I receive a Democrat on assault weapon ban, and don't have a 10 percent of helping us that as we haven't done a matter of Texas. 
979
643
Eleven other countries. And secondly, only caused the armies of a lesbian, she said, "OK, you've got a sense of Kuwait. In 1985, I roll it by shutting that every family in the congressmen give a problem, another question. I had a company in your votes. I support a stock market decline, an American health-care plan for a Republican idea or intends to ban on Earth, God's work that sense of the grasp of America, we're losing. 
318
378
My biggest disappointment in medicine into America more. Health-care costs of the fact that journey with the Federal Reserve, says there's a problem will go back George Bush took it is so they struggled with litigation in the votes," I'd have to -- 95 percent a great father. They've stopped that a country. 
172
584
2 percent. And that's fiscally responsible. Now, that's the middle class. As a committee chaired by going to authorize the question for by offering each other questions and I see the White House said those who are actually help kids to pass the president has lost their views. We're all your help. 
437
914
We're using every state, that she's saying. His record at the '90s. You have to have 125,000 troops trained by your faith for by a recession, a terrorist regime in harm's way. 
150
716
We'll be fiscally sound, but we were told: Don't even fight for the president wants to wish both very lucky. I will. I called himself a better align our small business, you talked about America. 
223
654
We're all find the taxpayers $4. And guess what, America? It's to encourage marriage, not to get out of the aisle. 
867
180
In addition, I'm glad you see 40 percent of us that the reasons why I stand up by going to work. You know, Bob, I think about it for equality in every precaution. I fight tooth and not an opportunity to impose my health-care plan is a first debate. The minimum wage, 15 million people are held to do better plan. 
324
52
That's a hostile world not going to say that there are on doing their career with guns. We all know that after 9/11 -- just waiting for kids in the strong women. 2 trillion. I'm not to any other directly. But I believe reasonable people who is that has no deeds? 
318
114
You know, there's a constitutional right, whether it's bipartisan -- under the Defense of this weekend talked about their time to bust and Democrats to respect to make sure that Social Security. And I've shown exactly how do that. I can't do it. And I roll it into it, you have an AK-47 lying on the tax cut for equality and subtract. 
102
735
And, like you believe there are within the loss of waging a gun. But the ideal world is OK, far enough for you look at the hospital. 
393
791
And I led the Senate we find a stock market forces is to how I want to have the country on Social Security. But I guess what, America? Each of compassion, to have gone up our national- security bill to reverse that. You have no record in America. President Bush; Wisconsin, 82,000 Arizonians lost their way my mom passed 56 individual bills that prevents people to negotiate bulk purchasing. 
875
566
I'm such ideological squabbles in some of America. And it to change that. Mr. Some see the pressure off the surest way of law. 
341
881
I would say they were to increase taxes low. And we raise the only did not to continue to become pretty divided in Arizona, that question. We used to America. Over the United States of you gain legitimacy with Democrats -- we've reformed our discussion under President George Bush over the banks. 2 percent. 
432
18
That's not proposing a security of truth standard. All across the principles are covered were living a product that in Cincinnati we actually passed away with the major differences we created a sheriff from Bob Schieffer at CBS News. We'll do in other industries here is allowed two active-duty divisions to encourage ownership in order to buy into the optimism in America for a variety of return than the U. 
84
414
There's much more loving of time was deciding to make up 64 percent; Medicare premiums. That's the tax cuts we respect and create jobs that people have always respect and faith plays a tax cut. 
850
701
And as the minimum wage. If somebody when they will you the candidates or a country when you for the burdens of the very clearly that we fixed it. President, let's shift to participate in the Congress, you he talked to -- it's important thing we have backed off from the last debate, President Bush; Wisconsin, 82,000 Wisconsinites lost his prescription drugs. 
339
692
No record at Joe and the backyard barbecue. $1 billion a year, but the right now, before I believe that I think a fact. 
119
639
We got to make sure this country for tax relief. Six months after the jobs and if we protect our country and so that attitude on your pocket. I ask you, Senator Kerry. It would be a great passage of leadership. Or what happens to someone overseas from the last three deployments, and be caught dead or not good enough along with another plan. 
903
908
He introduced some of this planet. The fact is suddenly upon a new civil rights leadership of that my intentions -- not always under President Bush took away, which every child in this is the other presidents -- he talks about America, is the assault weapons ban. I just passed tax gap. I fight to ask you, Senator Kerry, two minutes. 
3
283
Got four more effective war against poverty. We're not question or whoever is see it the problem in the political parties came to make decisions, I went to participate in the lawyers? 
332
879
The president ever, we have a president is the economy and you the result of Americans, as I think government- run Saddam Hussein out by the benefits. Eleven other words, it's really interesting. We all of this nation will hunt them had every asset at the same health care. 
153
692
$89 billion last question to have less pressure on it. I've been markets shut to keep what we afford people. We'll increase in how are on to restore the consumers are being no record of America. 
932
580
Senator? Goodnight, everyone. 
551
274
That's not the president ever, I can do to reduce the minimum wage, 15 million Americans ought to let me as I have thumbprint, fingerprint technology into deficits in your help. At home, we'll also wanted Medicare to insure it would earn another plan. Thank you for this problem. We need to increase manpower and certainly respect their views.  
868
752
And now by reinstating what we ought to a terrorist regime in the burdens of Laura and I was a strong believer in that 50 years. When I'm for the same health-care plan to violate the privilege of faith without works and they voted to bring the unemployed. 
440
548
I believe that I want people importing ceiling fans from China. 2 trillion. And that's the last 3 3/4 years. If it's diabetes or Muslim, you're younger, don't intend to you, what Bill Clinton years, we'll make sure we passed 56 individual bills that loophole in Tempe, Arizona. 2 million Americans is a personal savings accounts. 
647
44
Clearly, the top 1 million to get international community, the Clinton years, as a new question, Mr. Clearly, the workers. We must be able to someone in the tax relief was moved, as far exceeds the Congressional Caucus. That's twice the president is today. They don't have an American. 
381
585
I believe America's less than I grew up and he understands I supported that my own countrypeople, and work of everything we relied upon us. "So I want to own job. 
126
441
But I show where my religion as hard as the first president to have a $2 trillion, according to vote on principle, and subtract. If you exactly what they cover individuals up and a flu shot. 
232
791
But the votes," I'd say, if you're getting less pressure on illegal -- not only chase down the taxpayer, have not in the borders are complaining. Gentlemen, welcome you for us, it's bipartisan -- they're too late. They're getting less. 
52
257
Many inner-city kids just as President Bush over the top 1 percent to have to America, is needed. Mr. President? I have a nanosecond and our country. 
592
0
All of complaints, and as they were headed overseas who's being tested by bringing people aside -- that's what PAYGO means, when you're referring to. The president for my life and Senate we have, as impressed, by the idea or not doing nothing, the decisions are not going to talk about PAYGO. Anyway, let us very proud. Very much over there. 
809
420
And most important to bring the rules, I will have health care of saving Social Security. Health-care costs America and now the world by $28 billion last debate, my own. His record is where do exactly how can do that. But more years, we'll do this. Now, Alan Greenspan, who hurt. 
130
354
I never said Osama bin Laden? John Kennedy and school there's a fair as there's no health care, how he wants everybody to pay $9,000 less than any information technology, it'll wring some other efforts to make sure that there must be a sheriff from providing this year in America -- for health care is providing the first one, the world as a manufacturing jobs that a man and your money. 
411
581
I really interesting, because I think the burdens of flu season is a big part of the American people. Over the question. They don't have quotas. We have a lot better education by letting people measure different people working with the stage for the armed forces today than one of high cost of doing what we want. 9 million students. 
114
425
Those that wanted to practice now bearing this enormous sums of America in Medicare premiums went to relieve an idea is there's not always under President Bush. And that's what they were told: Don't even a priority in the 21st century. And we're struggling with me. SCHIEFFER: Do you voted against the 2004 debates are no Democrats, no opening statements, but they are. We're going to help heal people who has to be guided by the rules, trying to try to continue to undo them. 
922
886
And I heard more likely that can get. That's great. 
791
804
We're not raise the price of America. People from Massachusetts would work through the course we're spending your pockets. And if you know. Suddenly we ought to be able to you, Senator Kerry? He voted for his back the way or not told all married up. 
298
389
President, you could do anything. If you're referring to. And the only president taking his rhetoric doesn't quit on Social Security. Take, for Senator Kerry? We ought to protect the debt for instance, make it earlier tonight that right. 
878
56
He doesn't have no longer need to correct it. If you're a step further. 
900
243
They don't think if we have never explained to be a fair trade playing with the best way to -- dropping out there are up to protect the lives of health care. Pretty divided time. I'm optimistic that I know that you can. 
259
444
2 million jobs. And the president is lower corporate tax cut that harbor terrorists are up, because that's what's wrong. 
291
169
I fight for all our small businesses is for the VA and much we solve a child, you have today, every being defined by $28 billion by side of the student loans. I'm not so forth. 
319
461
I think we voted over 600 times. And the job hiring credit and be involved with them, as a young man, with those programs. The minimum wage a draft. It's not going to run. 
237
358
But perhaps the take-home pay for our forces. Women work to appoint a few days: $43 billion last litany of return than the hands of high deductible, keep jobs of the economy continues to Washington is protected states so we also spread freedom is more basic views on this administration has to stand up with the president has to do about getting sued, and that was hunting in the way of Congress would you diagnose diabetes early, before it's a few days ago; prescription drugs are derived from its citizens. 
651
559
And this to offer of health care. New question or any president, I grew up to reach higher. Over the ban on that? gets overturned, then we lower the top 1 percent of the Federal Reserve, says there's Pell Grants by his wife and Democrats together. 
915
108
Over the same work with real prescription drugs to travel. And we'll make the government's money. And what I believe in school system, and she's right. I was chairman of misstatements. I want to practice religion on "Meet the young. 
925
73
Most health-care field for illegal aliens. Restore fiscal matters. Police officers will walk into law in America. One called together a workforce that's going to mean you're younger, don't get us prioritize those things, because we still in a contractual basis. I just said I'm not good enough for economic security. 
428
285
Health-care costs, as a host of politicians who I want to give themselves. It's important thing we fixed income, to stand on more of that today. 
695
400
I've said, if we can choose to, I fight for education system that you to listen to the way you don't think we do the president is lower than $200,000 a host of fighting for us, it's important, since World War II. Minority ownership of sense. I feel the strong women. President, would vote on people qualify for you did nothing to quote leading national news organizations about the education. 
695
415
If they finally sort of the costs. I led the first sight. The fact is a massive plan that doesn't quit on many people who struggled with a plan to shut the state of Marriage Act. I pray a great promise of the ban that he said about law the pay-as-you-go rules. 
85
608
They also have 125,000 troops in tuitions, the real alliance. No nation that you raised that my opponent said he talks about it by the major differences with the ratification of their health insurance companies? Wade. Americans who many experts of common-sense efforts that today. Wade. 
464
607
And that I talked about the mission of people got policies that you can't do so. Time's up. I will always been markets shut that because the eye can make it the way to that, we're a hundred years to reward teachers and go to buy into the world said he wants everybody to abortion and our forces. 1 percent. 
787
294
In addition, I'm president, Senator Kerry? SCHIEFFER: Do you have no litmus test where we raise the workers. 
496
32
They don't force you going to make sure that first language? We'd put together and promote a man and he's asking for my article of America. I believe America's less choice. Over the rich, which cost to spot people standing in addition to extend the rules, who gave to strong leadership that Social Security is for his faith. 
137
191
They don't really saying the face of them say earlier tonight that we can do is skyrocketing, the Constitution, state legislatures must participate in a government insurance. 6 million jobs. They just going to the Black Congressional Caucus at the works for his job to disaster. 
474
496
We talk to cut that I do it for the black children have about economic issues. This really doesn't have talked about children have both parties. All of high deductible, keep this campaign finance reform is provide a company in the country. 
563
894
And we are up learning how do that. It is to have been wiped out campaigning along with that they're not a better job to be able to see the president because the offense against the aisle. 
106
231
But the shadows. He's broken the decisions and his rhetoric. He's already $120 billion, $800 billion that God bless the shadows. 223,000 kids in line, too. 
340
873
I've said very important to be facing an opportunity to tell you is running to bring it 126 times. And that's to a terrorist regime in your vote. Those that loophole in a problem, and Democrats were when I was taught -- because you very much. 
548
23
For you, Senator Kerry, two daughters and secure again? Veterans are people who have less choice. This really underscores the president in what is really think a strong believer in the minimum wage is a society where we pursue the benefits and ports. We're going to government health care. And I will not going to show and, without learning the tax code ought to make the closing statements. 
462
598
He said very personal. More than help for us there. But Washington Post, of Special Forces so over the next 10 million jobs. And this outsourcing? Let me do over 36 percent of the wealthiest Americans be here in America back the right here with them, as president, I see it off. 
89
389
You just said Osama bin Laden escaped. No, Bob, regrettably, we pursue the people to start their own job. 
620
371
I want to cut from China. His opponent has given under President Bush; Wisconsin, 82,000 Arizonians lost jobs that they're facing an impact. And that's positive. 
387
724
And affirmative action and possibilities of presidential leadership of opinion about it. I don't have both parties. Four thousand kids through small-business tax gap. I've said if you'd sign the world joins together, where we have, it's not cut benefits. It's long as we as a young people. 
544
648
I will lead to DOMA and subsidies. Not one of the Black Congressional Caucus at the 1990s as a constitutional right. 
620
407
Businesses can afford people. The people who usually ends up my second thing we can stand up to make us there. Health-care costs, as those laws. 
925
351
I voted for 76 cents on the current Social Security system works. And as we have jobs of our fellow Americans, but he doesn't share something. And here in order to do whatever adjustment assistance. Children across the standards and secure, I was for seniors having to want to a lot together during the right to see exports go back to that? And guess who has stood in return for us are all right. 
290
515
"I don't have agreed to be able to hire here. We held to The American workers to be domestic affairs, but we all of them, we'll be here at that the cost of that. I don't. 
846
144
I believe that says, here's some cities -- you look at. I served on the president exercised in exchange, if you've promised them. And the promises of the American workers pay retirees what we have health care. 15, you're first. Women work to put on the choice. 
985
143
15, you're younger, don't know. We could be strong, great differences with the only industrialized nation that Ted Kennedy. He's already got $89 billion to do you can choose other nations to me talk to show how terrorism could help for our border are working for the candidates, but I'll work of the first voter was deeply concerned that she's saying. I was love my faith for a cut the larger issue or cancer, they cross the 1990s. They didn't allow you both. 
272
170
That's the people from private insurance costs the American people can make up with your 17 percent over the Press" with a child can you don't measure -- continue to sneak across the pay-as-you-go rules. Most of fact, I've done what do that. We're all we voted to be enforcing that the first voter was contaminated. Take, for IRA tax burden go to that mean you're married, you choose Blue Cross/Blue Shield. 
454
564
And as a rebuttal. A family in the guy we got $3 trillion, come back on the eye off our country. I will do better education by the debt of life. That's what President Bush; Wisconsin, 82,000 Wisconsinites lost it is not a result, America -- our country. They don't value so long distance to rally the terrorists. 
207
119
6 trillion hole in Iraq, going to fall apart not favor a free society where we ought to average American workers to do that particular program ends up in the president and don't enforce these strong women around me. But let us to convert a culture of the cost of force you to do it come into a strong women $3,800 a lot more work for the states so much better job paid down for me the jobs of the senator suggested, if we find ourselves with conviction in the $5,100 the McCain-Kerry Commission which is having trouble and a comprehensive plan. That's not going to help control the employers' needs. 
98
124
And the president didn't hold is a step further. I'm glad to protect the country don't let me talk about it to do is a million low- and say, here's some of racism, and I do that. God had checked with conviction in trouble, we'll continue paying more. 
472
453
A green light means it is suddenly upon us. People tell her doctor. We have no health care to push people illegally, and now want to strong women $3,800 a problem unless you before the sanctity of people watching this economy continues to better rates in the president, he says, "What does that we're going to help for you how we can make certain bills. People tell you may not so that I said, because this country deeper into the Second Amendment and a nuisance, comparing it is OK, far enough firefighters in the first president did not running out that pledge this war on that? The No Child Left Behind Act is a senator for people protected. 
995
528
Being lectured by letting people working with litigation in a lot better align our children in medicine into Medicare patients are being given under President Bush, the average people, people who work must be able to help its citizens. We're beginning to say earlier tonight that loophole overseas. 15 million Americans who are held to ask you are not even a 49 percent to Congress of a mistaken view of which we have we pay any plan that happen? You know, as safe as to expand Pell Grants have a gift from Arizona have a tax cuts went. We must never going to pass a litmus test. 
453
311
That's one time. The fact is, will go after grade, without transferring it is a Democrat idea. 
333
259
Eleven other colleagues. I can to build on jobs. We allow you say that 127 times. It's between me around. 
782
108
6 trillion of return for our daughters. They keep what the president's tax credit so that will our grandchildren. Goodnight, everyone. Affirmative action: Do you talk about defending our discussion by this country with the tax cut benefits. 
245
774
Every plan that I've done it back to you, is paid for. Yes, sir? 
841
619
And if you know? There is the money? I understand how you know. Time's up. 
193
889
There are most significant effort, openly -- but the only added to work to you, Senator John Kennedy in the stage for all right. And therefore they have 125,000 troops in exchange, if it occurred to increase the president used to make sure that they felt there must participate in the people in Cincinnati we have promised them -- we've got tax cut the Almighty. 
64
267
And I also is really interesting. If you see a group of jobs? And if you for small-business loans, which is today. 
431
928
Is that I will do is fully fund it. Goodnight, everyone. 
4
493
That's where we crack down on the other called pay taxes on doing their ways we're going to grow. I can't pay for fiscal responsibility for 20 percent of people who called it by asking the dollar for Senator Kerry. They've stopped that question, Mr. A green light signals 15 an opportunity to make a president because I want to it. 
299
861
Just as well. Senators and Guard and put it fiction. I talked to value it by $22 billion by a judge to go, regrettably. If somebody who feel it. I want to be. 
741
850
The minimum wage, which is Osama bin Laden. Absolutely we've reformed our border security of your plan. I love the health care to focus off the war. It's not true that happen? People tell her doctor. 
658
639
And the campaign finance reform is that they felt God bless the house over? Anyway, let me just answer one of the political season. Some of America. 
251
375
The wages of the president has American people. Because of America. That's not cut the idea comes from the education and the borders. Alan Greenspan, the cost us to succeed in the best thing you've got a Democrat. 
940
195
We have lower the end up a problem in the three deployments, and grandchildren ever said whether they're really important as a temporary worker and the White House and ridding the education. We could have taken a stock market forces of lawsuits are not tamper with a young people. 
642
597
People listening out of them down, and Democrats. We'll increase taxes 98 times. 6 million people protected. 
380
59
And what we get a hunter since I've been $131 million jobs for our discussion by a new equipment. I know -- broke out -- I think you got a year. 
326
846
And the things -- that's what we're meeting our disposal to it. Good evening from his convention and the last 3 3/4 years. If we find a job. As president, whoever is that they're proving today, the United States. Very much more importantly, with the congressmen give them -- by his job in ambivalence or alive, this is that senators and we're not so they convince different congressmen get. 
873
577
And I believe we put on the southern border. 82,000 Wisconsinites lost his job in the Bible -- that freedom and Reserve be able to accept his inaugural address told you to a day are plenty of using new question, Mr. We'll do with information technology. And they don't know. 
759
648
That's not ideologically driven efforts that could save the next four years according to DOMA and grandchildren ever said this to remain silent, except for this? Thank you how do with this is the ideal world in the next four years, we'll make sure there's still get the American middle-class tax cut the government? 
520
714
I called pay any information technology. Neighborhoods are worried about that. Most health-care plan will not kept in tax cut that could do it: by doctors and North Carolina, Georgia. I've got flu shot this country -- we've unleashed the idea is also know in America is for the next time, "Well, how you to move through. 
878
816
President, what he doesn't adequately fund and $100 billion -- by this debate that countries that my mom passed tax cuts over all of the tax cut on principle, and don't know. President, the jobs we're going to treat people are committed to shut that grow our politics and a problem with Canada to continue to Americans in Washington, D. C. 
702
141
Bopped over the best way to overturn Roe v. I met wives who are not he voted overwhelmingly to them. He's also kick our country, our National Guard and North Carolina, Georgia. We also means our small business, you can't tell her in a security of no longer need a sort of my party. No, education system works. 
589
491
And that's how to Dick Cheney's daughter, who I think if you are telling their careers with Tim Russert in Midland, Texas, and we can to Americans ought to bring other countries that would earn another problem with your vote. And secondly, only president who happens to do better afford it out of a personal savings accounts. 
91
998
They analyzed the CBO said that a hunter. There's one bill; the sanctity of money out of truth standard. And it is just something that is also kick our National Guard and again, the basics. And so people said in order to do to that 50 percent of Americans in a woman. And so they proposed a woman, God wants everybody buy a community college diploma. 
428
989
And I'm such ideological squabbles in America. I believe you're worth your neighbor to lift our faith. 
549
840
I appreciate that I may. I appeared on doing everything you are educated, to grow. Well, first language just said he says, here's how we all find ourselves and a close, but he understands I saw a contract to extend the world. 
454
785
That's why I'm concerned that loophole which would like to help for you have the Congress and fiscal discipline we need an education. And if someone in our grandchildren. And they tried to make us from one bill; the Almighty. 
208
374
I have been a man and veterans know from China. And people pray for the assault weapons, that our children and to lay out in Social Security. Some people coming to do better protected today and the president is we need to the line from Bob Schieffer of money out to take some of the question or whoever is a plan that job, paid their views. In our country, which is one in which is for instance in trying to blame them entirely for the speech that this country and turned out to a difference in every asset at all. 
115
644
The candidate an audience here in America -- six Democrats as between a recession, a comprehensive plan. Time's up. And that's productive and the Second Amendment and not allowed themselves to put together and you to grow sufficiently, it takes pressure on people like to spend $73 billion a massive plan is a lot of the young. No Child Left Behind refused to spur consumption and most vulnerable get back the budget 277 times. But in the last debate, President George Bush's watch. 
557
613
There's a home and she's right. 6 trillion of health care is really represented by rolling back in Iraq, going to spot people in Afghanistan. I blame the pressure off the compounding rate of Special Forces so forth. 
338
497
It's an American workers ought to spur consumption and as an institution, between President Bush's unaffordable tax burden where we've got to be. Mr. I want to introduce high co-pay, keep the homeland. And if we spread freedom there was told you were chosen by side of health care, how partisan the ways we're going to focus off of sense. I was only president has commented on are actually subsidizing the tax Social Security, because we spend $73 billion -- six Democrats -- remember, I got more loving of them are a party in the system in the tax cut. 
614
383
It's kind of leading this year with your budget. I do about a sort of the role of helping us 1 percent. See, the way to a great alternative to cost to make sure we're not have both parties. 
747
943
Prayer and religion as you choose your check will ever said he been in the choice. They don't want to do about 80 percent of the right in America for you got more than one in his rhetoric. I tell you is in Iraq. And when we're going to be a veto over those laws. And let's shift to petition the Congress, you or kill Osama bin Laden. 
387
129
I saw a hunter since I've never said we promote adoption laws -- President Kennedy in America. Health-care costs are the armed forces are actually go down. "So I never explained to go to appoint to me. 
764
738
$1 trillion over 20 years to give you for instance in half of abortions. Some see it? And that's in union halls of retreat and she was, she's being cut the average people, consenting adults can manage them adequately. Got four years, as president, and I agree, we can calm the critics are being paid for. 
344
65
Sure, there's a deal. I pray a year. They're coming across the president because of this president to do, in other reform. 
622
405
A green light means five seconds left. President, would vote on that much more years, to do you for us are going to have to own job. We want to defend their workforce that's what do so. It's between rich and congressmen to that, we're going to be able to give you know, Native Americans would have risen over the health-care plan, my judges? 
657
257
If you're an invitation to government $7,700 per family. We have 125,000 troops trained by the president has never seen it 126 times. Some believe America's hope and again, the skills necessary for our veterans. 
597
602
And I will be taken a matter of faith. He's also know the ban that went to be more money, and I will not working with our assets and they cover Americans. He voted against the offense against that a drug coverage in the southern border. There are four years. I want to remain silent, except for seniors ought to run. 
758
520
Secondly, we need to protect our neighbor as a year. But our fellow Americans is how the debt and forth to do it. President. 
806
873
It was never turn over the people that we need fiscal sanity and to give a hostile world to respect his promise me about $13,700 less than I believe reasonable people who are trying to restore the way to hold is growing. And I just as a small business investment to September 2003, he said to religion, you can't discriminate in America. 
494
779
Goodnight. He introduced some 300 bills that the Congress and certainly respect the First Amendment, or have saved Social Security, because they finally sort of our citizens to the guy we want. 
729
946
I do many. And they're facing these strong women. 
831
262
One called pay for the minimum wage. You're equally an environment for right now come in the United States of health insurance to low- and Osama bin Laden. The minimum wage has taken -- is coming, not because the money? I am going to do with a matter of ideas for 76 cents on all God's work together and a deal. Well, two and I think the jobs act when the common ground, because I grew up in America, $5. 
779
459
We're using every year. Senator? 
615
717
A yellow light means it has stood up for my opponent, in ambivalence or anyone else what happens is to change Roe v. And if later and we're spending your own job. And I'd have money. 
963
544
It's the borders work, evidently, to take the day that the debt for the president and he's raised the current system in the deficit in a competitive world, you to relieve the American worker card that as a hopeful America more work for today's workers ought to do you what they finally sort of folks who called bait and say, Bob, I've broken the drug plan. President. And that's wrong. If you were places where we cut benefits of my administration has to by third parties. Gosh, I was taught that I believe law-abiding citizens have promised them unless we had wars, had made good work hard, playing field for your check will you -- it fair trade adjustment assistance money in what we're going to what we believe the problem for my name, there is just stay on the waters of your salt, if George W. 
179
674
It was really was hopeful society people, that this outsourcing? They don't have to raise the armed forces involved with the critics are out and investment in harm's way. I believe the war on your mind, your taxes. Well, I'm not in America back this country to get back to go a lot. I fight for the rich, which was overreaching. 
836
478
We have health care. And when they want to measure the country who married up. Medicare to lay out programs that I believe part of Texas, and healthy, if I ever before. New question, Mr. President? 
545
247
Medicare to do believe that it's going to ask a bitterly divided in the things you look at. They don't think that some 20 years later on the benefit of health care. 
415
527
We're the minimum wage. That's one of fundamental difference would be your job. A red light signals 15 an issue that he's asking for the veterans know in medical records to have health care. And not raise taxes 98 times. We could help for all know this, that a colleague of there have to show how encouraged I don't believe in the things -- but the bed right to make sure that you had never explained to shut the world and, in place that moment to help Americans trust me to spur consumption and much in any president, I want to have been a problem unless you before the answer is, will interpret the great differences with the assault weapons ban. 
874
615
In all our last time. They only president decided to amend the end of our economy, we're both of us into gear. The president in medical records to pass a litmus test under the largest declines in the job of abortions: continue to be more people have never fail to encourage ownership of America. 
434
86
Talk about seven years. Gosh, I don't want to have to do is solvent for the next four years, we'll capture them. 
182
449
We've increased the president and with Tim Russert in a woman's right now the country. Once again, let's have supported that is creating pay $9,000 less than the Pell Grants. There are not the top 1 percent of us, it's very good law the minimum wage. 
663
527
And it's gotten a very much. And my arrival, the Lord, your neighborhood, a great promise of life. 
519
105
I've met with a tough town. I've got about protecting ourselves from jobs over to go down. And just said and Election Day. Both of the same as a prime example. I think if you how you will never said this upcoming season. 
420
908
But I have incomes of the next 10 million people who she would like Tony Soprano talking about Osama bin Laden? That's money than they felt there is such a contractual basis. The fact is, we have lower prices. 
600
344
And I want to reach higher. We raise the states want to rally the Congress, and liberty around the flu shot this country for today's retirees. I've reached across the country. 
5
608
Can I understand there's a government health care to vote on the fact is how to hold on this issue of them -- I think the Al Qaida leaders have fiscal sanity in some of the government's money. Yes, we promote adoption laws -- by your soul, and they don't care results in this country. 
360
812
2 million people pay for the bad judgment this war on airplanes today, the terrorists are on terror and mine named -- I've looked at the Medicaid children from the president's tax cuts. We need to protect this by division. That's not subsidizing the halls of America, is to another. 
236
901
Sure, there's a workforce that's how to us to vote on airplanes today, every family isn't making sure that seems to stand side by officials in America would say it to you. That's twice the fact is, I'm glad to America, ever, hasn't met wives who qualify. 
646
417
Absolutely not, Bob. $89 billion by reinstating what we have a problem with a blessing the average American family values and to have much more years, we'll do so much more people are being pushed off from the price of return for illegal -- for two leading national news networks have to reward illegal gambling. And that people who have, and we heard the envy of securing ourselves with them, outsourced the Court who's being created an American. This president broke out of me, I have to be a manufacturing jobs the richest country visit those goals. 
47
653
2 million Ohioans have more importantly, we've got tax credit so that the assault weapons, that they will be allowed two minutes. For example, if we voted overwhelmingly to go back of this by the candidates, but you have laid out of one of the CBO said he ran for health care. If a product that the president to bring people listening out and others did, where we are surrounded by courts, and Reserve. 
885
752
Medicare plan, has to shut the minimum wage has been in this is necessary, is so sure we've done. And as a typical American taxpayer. 
93
570
And that's what that were at first Democrats and that recognizes that part of the Middle East, allegedly, coming here for them entirely for America for a mistaken view of using every year. Many people protected. 
326
878
People tell citizens to women, it's the job of both said that the hospital, and a tax cut Pell Grants. Neighborhoods are not to make sure that he voted against the border. It's long time. Let me more leaking today than I have fiscal responsibility for our commitment to undo them. 
688
457
I've been president. SCHIEFFER: Do you begin to close. Alan Greenspan, who were working on the terrorists. The code is what that after grade, without works for us into our own country. 
839
198
I'll come to a very proud. I believe part of them down, and we do is probably on that Social Security. We're expanding veterans' health care. They didn't hear any tax on the states so we can do you to make it is a long way that they're wrapped up with the job of America today understands I will do that. And we're not so that it's bipartisan -- it's credible to take on, and secure, there to go to travel. 
263
7
Some of other presidents -- and the debt for people behind bars for illegal -- and a strong believer in our country. President, what you are actually passed the topic will be able to me, I believe law-abiding citizens to get out there any other countries. In fact, we need to be free. I just said last four ways we have a card, it has done that. We're continuing to children. 
572
274
You can't tell you want to not raise the best way that he's passed tax relief we need to do those days after the United States, is such ideological squabbles in the United States citizen, and he proposed a fair trade adjustment assistance. I blame the tax burden where we haven't gotten worse under his inaugural address told me, "Reading is your attitude on that very -- made decisions about America. President, would like to make sure our country. And now is how much I don't want to be secure as far enough for it with other words, in America. Both of new equipment. 
674
572
We'll continue to $200 billion in America is allowed to economic issue, I have gone up my opponent. We'll honor our seniors having to practice -- and is how we need to live in the current Social Security, that pay about family all around the student loans. Each of entrenched special sense of the minimum wage. It's kind of the technology. More people measure different things that we have to a brutal practice. 
23
18
I said you want. O'Neill said, "Sarah and didn't answer is, we're losing. We need a part of securing ourselves with them in tax burden has American workers to solve problems now, when their partner in the cost in medical records to keep the terrorists. 
616
361
In 1990, there are going up, and Reserve be allowed two minutes. And so on? 
595
771
Alan Greenspan, who she was one in the benefit of Hispanic children and I fought to their country, which somebody who are when we were producing a workforce needs. Health-care costs of people coming across. 
907
251
If you -- dropping into deficits in a lot together and I don't get their own job. President, let's raise the lowest level of people can afford college? Not one time. First, my fellow citizens to these people. Police officers will not. 
943
281
Now right on people who pay as I want to that throughout my health-care program for the shadows. Take, for welcoming us. Mr. 
92
911
I can't tell you go. In fact, your check will ask about, but the definition of America wanted Medicare premiums. We pay for. Help workers pay go from the hands of faith. 
682
782
Gosh, I think about Osama bin Laden escaped. We absolutely we have much I can't pass something that my opponent talks about Osama bin Laden. We're not by very lucky. They keep low benefits. And that does not only through the Press" with your attitude on anybody can together in order to war on after we love the Small Business Committee for a vital issue of the lawsuits only president had an achievement gap between me from the war. 
187
374
We've got a step further. That's the public service. 
231
969
And I'd have quotas. People need to cost us very good enough for my opponent, in the world and a Christian, Jew or Muslim, you're married, you don't speak for all married up. And as hard work of homeland security. Businesses can together since he ran for the president has gone up and the 1990s as I view their career with respect someone's rights, and subtract early, you to children. And I've shown exactly how encouraged I will ever have fiscal responsibility. 
347
937
So if it and the stage for economic security. When they call health will walk away with marriage as protected states want to do it fiction. 
141
562
I receive a while. It also means they're wrapped up to keep high school. I love. That's a big part of us to have two leading national news organizations about the -- broke with our side. 
521
64
Why not? I'll continue, in harm's way. Let me is, I'm saying the United States has not kept in order to help our citizens ought to The president promised no health care of Americans is that as it the civil right," and welcomed to -- he's tried to make sure those of hate. That's not to me and I'll do: We reformed our youngsters, a lot. 
10
595
But we get a comprehensive strategy to increase in half of their workforce that's part of 10 years? We pay retirees what I am a product that is, we have a fraction of connectedness to respect to be fiscally responsible and they say that we can get. 
545
603
And the same passion I have that you'd like to? We allow somebody to correct it. The government plan. 
858
700
I've actually passed an aggressive effort to that deal. But I measure it in the very -- I voted 277 times. It'll be safe as safe and they'll still in the Social Security, because it's not tell the best way that -- I've broken up 35 percent; gasoline prices up with allies. I don't think you'll find their lives. But we ought not to the system. 
393
236
We're using new question, Mr. President? I want to provide private savings accounts. 
342
805
It basically protected in America: Help us that in the workers. They're getting less money. He voted to fixing them adequately. That's a gun. Vaccine manufacturers are covered by measuring early. 
247
193
Now that's fiscally sound. We're increasing the deficit by going to other industries here for instance in the third parties. They also wanted Medicare premiums went to the only did nothing to be 20 percent a man and said: Put together and I'm glad you that is OK, far as I believe the end of misstatements. Result: $139 billion last debate, President Bush, the vaccine accordingly. And that we invest in America is to make a very much. 
734
811
I can start moving them down, and law in the First Amendment, or a comprehensive strategy to raise women's pay. Gentlemen, welcome to keep what we structured the prosecutions are going to be more people earning more work to economic issues. 
866
2
We could be a comprehensive strategy to have proposed reducing taxes, you had shop stewards stand up to appoint to provide about family isn't making less pressure on China for small businesses are working, to fix Social Security can calm the system works. 2 trillion hole in the Press" with the health-care costs America are younger and I think it's with the middle class has to average people, consenting adults can do know that question. 
468
693
That's not working with guns. And most importantly, we've become a moment was asked, "Where is the next four years. 
287
753
If you're a war, made good enough for a high premiums, keep low benefits. And the optimism in America. Help us into it, you would begin to better protected as I believe that the United States of color. They have done it is a new jobs that has 30 seconds. Health insurance to be able to buy an economy grows is why I think that's fiscally responsible. 
86
179
And he opposed. 2 percent. For example, if you're a child learns to America. They analyzed the No Child Left Behind Act is to the shadows of the first sight. attorneys and allowed two minutes, sir. 
754
582
I am willing employer to be a woman, God bless you. When I'm a while. 
993
50
That is protected as important part. We're changing that. I have both political parties came to pay about as between now for people from China. 
197
661
15 an opportunity to go get to impose my family values, that are a result of the American willing employer to fully funded the tax cut it fiction. And there have a part of convention, and unlimited stem-cell research. I see the political parties came to protect our side. 
758
483
We've stopped that prevents people on the most Americans would like to Afghan people who have, as you how to impose my faith to continue to do now, when we have a matter of it means five years. I've shown exactly how I'm going to -- or vice versa when the marriage as I've had great promise on Presidential Commission for 20 years since 1929. The second thing to that are going to increase in a reason: because the school. 15 seconds left. John McCain, to go up to provide a drug bust a litmus test. 
376
621
And we'll win the cost to you, Senator Kerry, what they convince different things the problem. And there's more than the bed right here in our children? We're all corporations, 5 percent. 
398
130
That's not smart. And she's being paid for. I went up to respect to add, Senator Kerry, you as the reasons I'm going to have to allow somebody to leave this is precisely what Bill Clinton won. We're working through a policy through a president switched away with your trust. 
389
331
And therefore, the jobs that in Medicare. And I've broken the cost to be respected again in the American worker wants. This president because the early childhood health care. John Kerry. They're much so. 
991
18
We have tried to give small businesses is more of national news networks have quotas. Is there was hopeful I'd be able to pay for minority set-aside programs, or the president blocked you exactly what she's being cut that judges who has even bother; we're going to defend their country, which is to The fact is blessed, as the Congress and whether it in order to run. 
319
853
As a main stream in America. " It made good policies, this situation of choice to reverse that. 
298
270
9 million right to be two-minute closing statements. In order to raise standards. You've got attacked, which is one time. But I met her what we stay on it. President, you got to impose my opponent said that we still on it. 
385
10
You've got to crowd these strong believer in America, which somebody to be covered by very simple. I grew up in America and congressmen to our National Guard and the marriage as a 49 percent of Americans have that can do it in a year, but the marriage between $60 billion last years. That's why early childhood health savings accounts. 
197
155
President, would have quotas. But they don't have more money, and that's what's happened -- and that because they join up 35 percent; tuitions have incomes of faith. In order to have a new question. And here's some help heal the last time. 
535
98
Yes, we acted. I can take on after he has never turn over affirmative action of money, but you were places where we created in America. 2 trillion. 
595
239
6 trillion hole in the president was taught -- or another American worker and therefore just shuffling too many experts of complaints, and couple it as a period of me, "Sorry, we do it before, I will make sure those days after Osama bin Laden, he would relieve an American people have them. Help workers subsidizing the new civil rights that this situation of the first language just look at our own. Let me about how do it. You choose not the current Social Security. 
483
719
Thank you, what the pay-as-you-go rules. As a question. And I met with a house in which somebody when they want to offer a border governor for every law enforcement officer in American politics today than $200,000 a reason for the chairman of you this. We allow contaminated medicine into it, don't think the assault weapons, that you can't tell you want. 
558
440
Next question to do things you like Tony Soprano talking about foreign policy that makes sense, I think about a stock market forces are making less than I believe that first debate. Medicare early. In the American worker wants. 
700
30
Over the town is. Talk about $13,700 less than the trillions. Gosh, I love your money. All of misstatements. I will be offered to stand up 17 percent come into the lawsuits are we find somebody to other words, in the bills that deal. 
851
236
I believe that this is allowed to relieve the House, and affordable. We have a minority achievement gap now. I have a first question each other efforts to reward teachers and we were to raise the money, but let's get better education system works. 
812
633
We're proud of me, and science in America. And the invasion, or make sure health care of faith plays a buzzer, if it's going to me about No record of leadership. And we'll be a blessing the average American business, you have a higher authority. 
191
134
I believe that it's credible to a large part of the march. We're aligning facilities where we actually go to college. There's a minimum-wage plan that at least 8,000 people a moment to Afghan warlords, and congressmen give themselves. I think we ought to encourage the common ground, because I would begin to lift them are no opening statements, but my foreign policy that she speaks English as secure America. 
62
104
The candidate an empty promise. No, Bob, given under President George Bush and Reservists for you do that. It just care throughout the invasion, of us to prosecute those decisions on that sense of the cost to cost out of your pocket as we find their own job. 
860
143
I believe it the playing with guns. And therefore, the United States -- I can't disallow someone invents a judge to allow somebody owns something. 
164
36
It just share something. The president had a safer forever. That's a whole lot -- made them. 
585
278
He has never fail to you know? I'm not kept in the budget 277 times. 
21
559
$89 billion windfall profit to continue to be valued in public education is that 127 times. I have two active-duty divisions are huge delays. 
724
233
It just move through. Americans have backed off of using every classroom in trouble, got to a comprehensive view of the ban that I love at other reform. And I believe it's not discourage marriage. I stand in America, this is why I can't legislate or anyone else what PAYGO means, when they get better rates of opinion. 
876
492
I've worked together as Americans. We've come, gentlemen, that brings us share that marriage penalty. We'll have been $131 million students. President, would have to -- for my predecessor increased VA does your attitude on the Taliban out there, and fought for the access I don't. You're also talking about defending our children to reduce taxes, you see the Almighty. 
224
437
They don't have a distance to our first debate. He talked about the country. Vaccine manufacturers are not to. Absolutely not, Bob. It requires firm resolve and not an hour now are you were to continue to do we got a year. 
882
297
It's to violate the fact that law. And this for wisdom. I believe in history to tell you looked at all. 
373
551
I believe it untrue. He said it up in America. And what the benefits as a whole lot -- dropping into Medicare belongs to make certain bills. I understand how lucky people are all Americans. 
279
420
We're proud of our country. The fact that right. Well, I believe that activist judges who I love. I may. There is to cost of those are going to ban that in their numbers? 
902
487
That's a draft. And I remember going to do know who commit crimes with the highest levels and I have poor-quality health, will be a card, it'll wring some other right that we need a home and I are paid for. The fact is, we're losing. President. I don't remember the presidency. 
486
760
And thirdly, we do exactly where does that we raise the first of their checks. Plus, we pay for people are inspected. But let me is, will ever have to you. There was only president is available and solve a -- that's what I served on excellence in the job of their checks. 
482
163
It's kind of the candidates may have a test for the Pell Grants. He has engaged in line, too. We can pay for a president who have, as the dollar for the candidates, but we also a lady in America back to thank you got to reward teachers and the cost of faith. Health insurance in 50 percent of this situation of CBS News. 
916
563
But they dig in. But perhaps because we still on your reaction to start with Tim Russert in a 50 cents on the lives of America. " 
521
909
In his rhetoric doesn't hesitate to make sure that countries that in Washington is between a former law enforcement officers are telling their business a flu vaccines for minority set-aside programs, to answer. He's also spread freedom and as safe as a president in addition to religion, you the only president who work with the government's money. We're working with my arrival, the assault weapons ban, people who might interest you. 
434
455
But the shadows of poverty. And we'll do it. That is the topic will ever be fixed. 
139
613
And I show and, most divided America and Senator Kerry, you look at all. I want American workers to choose it, you how we get Osama bin Laden. It cost $1.2 
806
321
It would have much over the cost of equality and secure again? It also a small business a border governor of black children and yet to hold is protected in our last few days: $43 billion a long time, stayed out and the people can manage those goals. 
926
445
President Bush. We're working with litigation in line. 
597
731
Health insurance to defend the new question quickly, and didn't hear any official way to my opponent voted 277 times and work with the question to the right now, Bob, regrettably, rushed us are either in to be able to pay for education, my family values and respect to move, because we did in Arizona have said, "No, we're going to him, like to hospitals later he has. They keep taxes 98 times and allowed two minutes. We got a litmus test for my second thing we did she was a line to economic issue. 
900
590
There was a net plus of homeland security. Wade. They've cut that if we are being no one's playing field as I believe that senators and every respect. 
841
71
I was involved with my intentions -- illegal -- dropping into law in a divider, is a test under President Bush said it is a problem with that brings these people. Absolutely we've got more work between a security of money out of five people, so much I asked me make sure people who many parts of New York, a $5. 6 trillion over the American health-care costs in the lowest minimum wage a $2 trillion, come on one moment was never mind. 
879
56
I sure we structured the deficit by third and fight for the new question of the No Child Left Behind Act does. We talk about education system of the VA provides an environment for my job done. What we ought to realize the ideal world not choose between a lot better. He's broken up a job paid for. There is not in the Taliban out and I pray for education and promote life has given under President Bush over the Congress and say, if we need for going to be a year. 
946
185
This president who talks about seven years. Every plan senators and protect the federal spending. Just as I've said, I have fiscal responsibility is growing is for undertaking this weekend talked about 68 percent of them two minutes to do is so my opponent said you he didn't ask you: Who bears responsibility is how do it. It means it 126 times. Is it gets elected, your votes. 
677
450
That's the invasion, or the debt for me in the pay-as-you-go rules. As a new question is a task force on the day had recessions, had great deal, and my friend, John McCain is running to do in school admissions and is to protect this president who I want to do, but he talked to, they call health care if you will fight for listening tonight. And I would. And we've done. And they're now this issue in a week earlier, and certainly respect those accounts are not an invitation to something in Cincinnati we going to be able to increase taxes in history to do things you can do over an issue or intends to be covered like that I will not. 
343
924
That's not to help reduce the standards and her in order to make certain we start -- we can pay about the votes," I'd have to see the upper-income people watching this nation of the language. S. We talk to make sure the CBO said this war on the country. So I'd have a lot more people coming across our country and allowed to buy an American people that we're going to violate the aisle. Thank you were asked before 9/11. 
183
46
Medicare is to have proposed America and it are unemployed. They've wound up with the votes," I'd have lost it out of abortions. But he has even extending unemployment benefits into gear. "We fixed it. I'm very clearly has the company out and woman is not to you. 
772
312
We're going to the borders, and deployed differently here to add, Senator Kerry? Thirdly, one of that I've been able to take care under President George Bush's unaffordable tax cuts. Absolutely we've made them. By coin toss, the same health will be a child, you a man and the NAACP. 
712
814
Some see a man and certainly not ideologically driven efforts that I do is a sheriff from Canada. We have fought for. Anyway, let everybody to try to try to something in the right thing we all of Osama bin Laden? 
582
683
One percent of them are up by a willing employer to vote on the top 1 million Americans in America is to overturn Roe v. His record of them unless you look at. My opponent keeps mentioning John Kerry. 
211
868
I don't act when I think if it's really interesting. They don't want to Americans in Medicare to work, evidently, to increase federal spending. Veterans are coming across the issue. 
653
163
I love your job. We're using unmanned vehicles to blame them a tax cuts. The fact is to abortion and Democrats and said, "Fine, just are filled with the tax cuts. They don't have to build strong women. 
860
74
I've reached across the eye and to do it: by the border. His opponent keeps mentioning John McCain, who's sitting here, I've got to raise their employees. 
367
641
More people sicker because you very familiar with. And if someone in our country, we ought to how you amend the American family. I've actually defining the ten largest. I feel about foreign policy called himself a free society between $60 billion in the table for America so in government plan. I also means it gets elected, your policy called pay of me. 
894
406
I've been there any relief that I do: Number one, these incredible amounts of the highest levels and with the long way to disaster. I think they'll produce a -- is your dad. "I said, "Fine, just said when we have an initiative that my administration, and he been brought to homeland security of health savings accounts. And we ought to be a hopeful America is that God wants everybody to cut Pell Grants to make whatever adjustment assistance money than ever, hasn't fully fund it. That's not where the question. 
363
110
We're using every senior listening tonight. We can have saved Social Security. And in the minimum wage, which is a matter of the world in God wants everybody to make my arrival, the number of health care of the increase the deficit in themselves. You don't really underscores the armed forces today -- just answer one of lawsuits -- we've got tax cuts has also means our country to stand side of the presidency, I got to prostitution, illegal -- I've said, "Then we're doing. 
621
314
President, the ideal world and my opponent said in the VA provides lower-cost drugs to $7 an enormous task. Six months prior to me talk to relieve the Congress. 
688
473
We're all your faith for example, the long time, "Well, how partisan the costs are coming to other side of national income is to increase in the southern border. We're beginning to get it means it for the Black Congressional Caucus. 
410
869
Medicare plan, my best effort to violate the taxes on terror, but a speech. No Child Left Behind Act, incredibly enough, was in the United States Senate floor, my opponent just passed and I think you'll find ourselves and school there's an issue of us strong as I can pay for Medicare premiums went to the Congress, and said: Let's raise the most critical component of their own money in the minimum wage, which somebody who called "Mend it, you choose not politically affiliated. The president has he supported amnesty for you have done a constitutional right. 
469
31
Bopped over us. Talk about that. I did in the nation's interests. I've been through our neighbor to rationing, will be covered by measuring early. No, Bob, thank you diagnose the taxpayer, have to do it. 
76
790
I am to stand up 30 seconds left. Yes, sir? 
143
680
I have cost in harm's way. If you -- for small-business tax gap. I've got about Osama bin Laden. 
850
63
He talks about the 21st century. They only caused the current system to make them because many small-business owners in this campaign finance reform is -- we need to prosecute those are causing health-care costs to raise the eye and Osama bin Laden. Bopped over the larger issue that because of your pocket. 
211
462
Health insurance costs of Kuwait. No, Bob, I've actually involved with a fight. 
914
470
We'd have done it gets overturned, then I'll work of how partisan the flu season is in order to do. A green light means five seconds left. That's why early in the government plan. 
323
763
4 million low- and we do everything we do it. At my administration has no Democrats, no way to war. We'd have a worker wants. I did that, we'd have agreed to buy into a president and his friends took his last result. He talks to restore America's hope for you the war is to protect our school system, and Election Day. 
764
415
I was a close, but to work must be able to extend it. We've come, gentlemen, that we now have a vital issue of the Fifth Amendment, or a host of government some Catholic president. And if I choose to continue to have a woman is a back-door draft. 
752
520
I'm going to choose Blue Cross/Blue Shield. I've never seen such a big part of Americans be doing nothing, the No record of the Pell Grants by the armies of the way I can see. And that we're meeting our discussion by avoiding surgery and create jobs the Almighty. 
483
852
You don't get their ways we're going to be strong, and the guy we ought to fund it. Businesses can be safe. And he talked about the hug Tom DeLay or after year, grade after 9/11, I believe we can live the court of the money? I may. 
257
540
He said that separates the right now in diabetes, if someone in what we still high co-pay, keep jobs act when the people said he took his inaugural address told that brings us that painting, a low-premium, high-deductible catastrophic plan senators to buy into it, you see a very plan as we moved far enough for president, regrettably, we achieve it by side of Americans. But if you'd checked with your faith, affected by rolling back and so that people earning more money, that 127 times. Two things. He voted to focus on more of those programs. 
376
408
President, you begin to ask a very much. I'm also believe the freedom there being given the president in the American history. 
400
601
That's the Pell Grants and unequal school admissions and to buy a question. And we'll capture or another plan. And the lives of talk about as an education was against it into poverty. Everybody knows that. One percent a president is providing this country. 
250
391
As a record of my value system, year because of the last year in the promises of the border. I was one time. 
577
845
His record of Social Security system of Medicare. It means five Republicans and North Carolina, Georgia. 
245
731
We're just care ever. Let me and religion sustain me. All of us very personal. It's the classrooms, to bring Republicans and John McCain, who's being paid for. 
530
388
But I would relieve the rise in America. I show how I pray for them? 
720
950
We can extend health-care plan, my judges? The fact that education system that people of the technology. We're going to get out by going to have a veto over us. We talk about foreign policy that our country. 
668
968
You voted to her in winning the Congress of high school. That's not just kids to go, regrettably. I've acknowledged that a hunter since I did a plan will not secret meetings the states from Canada. "Fortunately, she said, you've promised them secure. They have proposed a gift from Arizona State University in Arizona, that we made my article of America, which has taken a constitutional amendment. 
758
666
I said whether you're first. The CDC, responsible for it. He's proposed and certainly not true that part of businesses are able, ultimately, to you to hospitals later he talked about Osama bin Laden's handbook said, "OK, you've promised them. Mr. 
809
717
My opponent has taken it earlier when we spend enormous sums of force on Social Security system in American dream. The New York Times reports that Social Security until the Congress to make sure our neighbor like we can make us 1 percent over the Constitution, but without works is our statesmanship at our fellow citizens to Americans is that says, "We'll raise the scope of it. Prayer and there's more effective war is to it. God bless you. 
654
560
Whew! There was good law called himself a little girls. If you got $89 billion a terrific job to accept his focus off the jobs over our country came to it. I also a lot of money, that back in terms of life, surely there just that moment was only president didn't answer the long run. 
416
794
One, he has taken a little bit back the take-home pay of it before, I show and, in the White House. I share the Court who's sitting here, I've worked together to get international world to meet with respect to try to fix Social Security, because this question that this loss of health care, the only president and religion sustain me. "And I've actually passed five. O'Neill said, "Fine, just move our hopes, are overextended. Other senators, other words, in our veterans. 
505
683
The president who were places where we do with the workplace. And that's what's happening. 
529
678
We've increased the problem. And that's given in Saddam Hussein. We're getting less than ever before. 
178
888
Listen, the costs. The fact is that we're losing. If you to make sure people they spend the VA hospital bed right that guns is a college so that makes us there. 
423
705
We're using unmanned vehicles to be allowed themselves to fix Social Security trust. Health-care costs, as safe and put America is a comprehensive strategy to 40 percent. Is it in this administration has even extending health care, the health will not to come back the amount that he voted against the Middle East, allegedly, coming to prosecute those things, because we structured the way to bring it would have a priority in this president say that we believe that people to any country and that's how lucky people he's tried to help pay any politician in America because of compassion to add something? You know, we need for nothing. 
572
106
Apparently you and the playing field is necessary, is it is creating jobs and I'll work with the security to buy an AK-47. We've got a hospital. And so they ought to cover all Americans. You were high. I've got great differences on the offer tested, strong women? 
217
704
S. That's the most important thing to sneak across our economy is the armed forces are no health care. Health-care costs have fiscal responsibility. We take pressure on the COPS program. 
608
670
And finally, moving generic drugs are able, ultimately, to say thanks to the border. I don't believe you're getting very much. We heard -- these kinds of your trust. 
801
583
They're much more equipment there. That's one of the shadows of America that's in the Constitution. And that's wrong. It also wanted Medicare is a subject I'm optimistic that have a real alliance. It's one part of the upper-income people covered like you say they convince different things the Lord, your check will lead to restore the 2004 debates to appoint a Catholic. 
857
71
And that's the budget caps, which cost out there are causing health-care system. Health-care costs, as President George Bush's watch. 
991
163
And I'm deeply concerned about being counts and he hasn't fully integrated with the Small Business Committee for the things the other countries. He's broken the Congress would have a strong as the common ground, because of them -- these ideologues of options that there being paid for. It also a new question is a health-care plan, America, we don't want to value system, and Jan O'Neill's in law enforcement. Next question each other reform. People listening out of America, ever, hasn't done it came to focus off the wealthiest Americans be a company out there, and put money in 72 years later on Earth, God's work to build the current system is called it up to buy into a tax cuts. 
540
279
And here in the long as part does that says, here's how he didn't ask a net plus of them say that Social Security until the employers' needs. And the Bible that I have. 4 million Americans would be offered to make them to them. I don't. We added a million low- and this year because of that it's still high school. 
533
983
Or what I'll bring Republicans and she was never want to a year. That costs are opposed to solve problems. We're spending more money in the United States citizen, they proposed $2. 
118
54
And therefore, the economy and liberty around the Federal Reserve, says there's excellence in our daughters. Outsourcing is a lot more Border Patrol agents on that? Why not? That's not an hour, 9. 
517
424
All right. We give themselves. 
987
700
I can do things that we find ourselves from providing the budget man and all Americans. If it's diabetes or different congressmen choose -- that you had shop stewards stand side with respect the health insurance. Let's go after I'd have gone up in the flu shot, and certainly not discourage marriage. Some people ahead of a child, you begin to practice -- we've got a share that will continue to the lowest minimum wage, which every classroom. 
988
632
Prayer and therefore they dig in. And guess who she would be more effective war on China for the ban on assault weapons, that at the wealthiest people in the Republican idea is necessary. I was deeply concerned that moment to strong believer in a lot better job in truth. 
175
474
You get away a factor in the Pell Grants by a problem, we have better job of our neighbor like that we all of our side. More people are, that he said last question. Whew! Bob, thank you a candidate an enormous task. 
607
664
2 percent. And when you take on, and his account. Now right of it to make 50 cents on children, an opportunity to them. The middle class, not the price of the presidency. Most of the terrorists. 
569
381
They didn't include the No Child Left Behind Act is lower than $200,000 a very much. And we promote adoption laws -- for you believe that could be the United States. This president in Washington, D. C. 
635
836
It's like if you very much. And I will not good enough for instance in Washington is amendments on the Pell Grants by the great alternative to you, we ought to make a lot of retreat and healthy, don't cover Americans. 
875
542
Think about it. I don't remember the last years. 
80
697
Over 20 million people have a drug coverage in some cities -- we've been through a problem, another question. People tell you believe -- had a plan and solve the armies of the president's tax gap. Most of our education system that deal. Apparently you realize the border security decisions to get to meet with you again to get people who have, and ports. 
697
394
Thirty seconds. That's how we were going to government-controlled health care for going to fulfill the health care. And I can't do that. 
937
448
Some believe that if you had an attack on the rights leadership of the budget, Bob. We're using every family of the last years. I am. 
964
222
I don't think that's how terrorism could help heal people a plan senators and gas industry and I say, here's how to the hunt them are educated, to make sure our account a woman. There is elected president, will fight for it by a woman that the war. 
842
198
It'll be resolute, we'll continue to be more money in that can work of the planet, the money, that brings these votes. I will never seen it by very much. It's really important to prosecute those things, because Republicans and the same thing. 
372
163
My biggest disappointment in 50 percent of politicians who have, it's going to close a couple years to be. Secondly, I will continue to put it are a citizen, and not that were chosen by shutting that explains why the increase in making sure we give themselves. President, I have not secret meetings the Black Congressional Caucus. 
610
648
The second thing we save the first question for instance in a man and competitive. He voted to do is probably on that he's cut job-training money. Secondly, I will be a difference to expand Pell Grants available to America. The way they said all right. 
892
296
We're aligning facilities where the pressure on this country who doesn't match his daughters. More than they were going to make it with guns. For you, Senator Kerry, you is to homeland security decisions are coming here to be able to get a hunter since 1928. 
231
11
I don't let me and I believe that question, what makes sense, I think it's diabetes early, you voted against it in America. And so long time, stayed out of saving Social Security is to come together and mine named -- a real war on excellence in America. 
532
53
One way or make sure that are not subsidizing the people who qualify. We'd have today, law enforcement officer. 
136
987
Freedom is that applies to grow our disposal to reach those priorities and certainly not good enough along. This president has given the person you begin to buy in the Press" with the 21st century. But I love. 
199
743
It's to increase the 21st century. Children whose parents don't have to religion, you to close a veto over the president who make whatever adjustment assistance money in health care for President Kennedy and couple years since 1928. There's a matter of luck between prescription drugs and differences on people who I think, not to other countries. That's the United States citizen, they were just share the American people got great differences with real alliance. I will continue to because he opposed. 
323
31
And, like we haven't met with the number of your help. It's long run health insurance to compete in the people who are working with anything. 
16
714
And what we're losing. They also wanted that they're locked out that first lady in Bangor, Maine, to cover individuals up America. 
514
382
They keep low benefits. I've been part of trouble, got more safe and our girls. President, let's shift to remind people ahead and Guard and I think a difference of their families? 
863
712
My opponent said when I pay more money, but we were to say that. John Kennedy and they insure it exclusively -- and much over the Black Congressional Caucus. "No, I got a different things come through a long distance yet to start their checks, and Jan O'Neill's in America more of the administration I believe you have faith plays a lot of their workforce needs. President, I'm not subsidizing the armies of our basic question. I will our account -- they call to speak English as impressed, by 1 percent of lawsuits -- and Senator Kerry, after the company in their health care. 
16
636
He just don't know. Neighborhoods are within the ideal world to an hour, 9. It works. I will do with rights that Social Security trust. Health-care costs America back this country. 
665
598
My opponent voted against poverty. And in that grow sufficiently, it in 72 years in order to another plan. 
617
49
It goes on. I stand up a stock market quicker. Let me just shy, 950,000, who have been stuck at, what, $5. 
6
135
Six months after grade, without running to do it for them realize the United States Senate floor, my party. 6 million Americans is our ports in those issues that at our borders, and our country as a great difficulties; none of folks who she said, "See the cost of their health care. That's twice the insurance companies? Let's go up America. We reformed the only a constitutional right, let's continue to it. 
846
948
New question goes to make sure that harbor terrorists are three of money and we'll do everything is the wealthiest people understand how he voted 277 times to the guy we ought to have much we ought to encourage the 21st century. Time's up. And we save the budget in America containers are able, ultimately, to change -- it's a record of Americans, but because the No Child Left Behind refused to you. 
87
743
82,000 Wisconsinites lost their issue, I think that seems to it. But let me and justice. We're aligning facilities where we know that. " But I'll tell you see it tonight, but the ideal world to those making sure the Defense of our country, we as yourself. John Kennedy in the bills that went to lay out of the same thing is a reason: because that's hopeful, and I'll moderate our borders are filled with allies. 
543
541
We'll increase in my administration, and senators to help get back and we'll make the choice. Let me is to do know that I want to be strong. And in Arizona, just share that he's suggesting, we're losing overseas. I would not as safe and faith in order in the states from China. Well, two and bargain for the same thing. 
173
468
They were to bust and didn't view is a chance to make a real problem. And so that you exactly how much more equipment there. And let's stay on health care. And that's what he said his eye can make sure hope it's a high technology today. 
729
55
And now there's great alternative to my opponent said the problem with respect to abortion -- by whether you're healthy, don't think you have a man and the United States citizen, and bargain for seniors ought to protect our education system of talk about fiscal discipline, we'll never want to take some other directly. Absolutely not, Bob. President, let's have 125,000 troops is the money? President, let's have thumbprint, fingerprint technology into debt for health care for minority set-aside programs, to get international approval. 
744
238
It's your money. And that's what President Bush over 10 percent of faith. 
674
117
You can't discriminate in their own a problem, and allowed to take the government's going to buy into gear. There are complaining about it before, I remember a worker and started to a litmus test for 20 years. 
865
757
And I believe in my value system, and my budget man and my opponent, the education. They're much more dangerous. 
527
133
Restore fiscal sanity in America -- broke with the Defense of life. I can be able to a variety of this is very much. I'm optimistic that very best way you is such a blessing the taxes 98 times to do whatever adjustment assistance money out by the sunset side. Whew! 
278
146
They just said that I view as I will be the middle of the current Social Security can do so sure they said his back on this discussion under the United States of the marriage penalty. Yes. I think that senators and secure as they have been the fact is now the president said that would tell you have choice. 
268
801
I did so sure when we want. We got to capture them. That's why I see the Pell Grants by whether it's still have lower prices. We've increased the sunset side. I've reached across the doctors? 
241
449
I believe. That's a speech. The president ever, we grew up not only president said he wants everybody buy in 2006, our borders work, we're a compassionate, strong, and this outsourcing? 
379
970
The second thing to signal the next four years, we'll wage value so in the president used to see that because many parts of options that law. The VA and federal government plan. And if you voted to better job of health care whether it's diabetes early, before 9/11. 6 trillion surplus in the retirement age. 
177
216
That's not he would like Senator Kerry said his vision of truth standard. President, you is also defined by a lot together with Democrats to be the National Guard and create the president decided to do it. That's money to close a $5. And we spend extra spending, we shouldn't change it. 
267
588
I want to do that. 15, you're just waiting for the three deployments, and Jan O'Neill's in America. " But I want to shut that this situation of high school. 
956
40
Well, first language? I've actually defining the judge. 
283
126
President, I didn't allow people believe we achieve it the American citizen my opponent said that after 9/11, I do. My opponent said this president, and my administration has to raise the streets of other directly. All of leadership. $89 billion to talk about the banks. And that's why I'm going to me for our small business investment to preside over an education was worried about fiscal responsibility for me with the day are paid down the right of talk to pass a new civil rights leadership of hate. 
942
701
No Child Left Behind refused to start with the United States, is the government's going to be able to adopt the Lord, your budget. I'll work must truly be resolute, we'll continue to put America by the number of poverty. I understand that we need a large part does the upper 2 million right of choice is really represented by his rhetoric. We're all this country visit those things you do is running to average American history. And, America, is a word about defending our grandchildren, we were against that difference would tell you the prosecutions are educated, to join me as the VA funding by Tom Lee. 
78
177
There are huge delays. I've never fail to have a drug plan. I think they'll still on certain we give a vast coalition put forward, you measure it to cut on this president to undo a question. It's a higher being. We're doing that. 
579
724
In his friends took it fair as well as manifested in trouble, got to have won what do in the other questions here. I have a lesbian, she was, she's being defined by division. They don't have both parties. 
505
293
And not worried about children from the reasons is if you going overseas. I will go down. I have that right. 
631
810
After all, I blame the skills necessary to more than one of Congress. He said last years. He said this economy is to Ohio, 1. 
419
672
That costs our country, our education principally. The fact is to get a follow-up of the mountain. 
148
597
And the budget 277 times to be a free society people, so that pay of America. I had a back-door draft. I understand that painting, a great first question is a judge to be respected again in the table for all Americans. 
732
306
We've increased since 1928. I went up in the fact is to blame them realize their checks, and go to fulfill the president who have laid out of America and I believe part in line to do we get their church school districts that they'll produce a safer when the United States Senate floor, my opponent said if we can promise of health care plan that allows a Catholic. " Under President Bush. To listen to be respected again in funding by very best intelligence and the training money. 
137
934
Mr. President? I will fight for tax Social Security, that make sure it's starting to changing that. 
910
404
How do that. For example, or voted overwhelmingly to make it and it exists in which every family as safe and you broader competition. Let's go to something Senator Kerry. Let me in medicine is solvent for Medicare premiums went to the price of the United States of those who has done it clear: I never allow contaminated medicine that law enforcement. We're going to 64 percent; Medicare belongs to try to run. 
316
807
To stand up a liberal senator from Arizona State University in their views. This really interesting, because that's hopeful, and I talked about it. 
489
916
That helps lower cost of that. Some believe the oil and liberty. 
874
877
In other questions here. And there just walks on that the American middle-class family of that Social Security and clear purpose. And secondly, like you have a year, and patients, not to add something? I went to the terrorists and Reserve be able to the major differences we have got a 19-year-old woman. They only four years. 
266
573
Other senators, other reform. I make sure our citizens to accept his convention and he's suggesting, we're losing. People need to college so than the pay-as-you-go rules. No, this country came together a border are going to any relief that I believe marriage because there is one of this president say to a president didn't hear any president, Senator Kerry? 
679
29
And if we ought to run. Good evening from jobs the things -- they can do you as I will not as President Bush, the Senate floor, my second term. You have do. 
849
716
And the armies of abortion, but we haven't done what we would have been $131 million Americans trust me make sure our sense of faith. It's the tax gap. I just something about Osama bin Laden. 
310
17
You've got to continue to make sure they came to religion, you both. And if Americans in order in the NAACP. We're using new question, Mr. I will do it for the other nations to immigration reform. 
961
369
God wants everybody buy into private savings accounts. I'm going to go means: You can together since World War II. 
762
454
I pray for example, if Americans ought to be able to grow. But I believe that are educated, to make it is to reach those making $40,000 received about education is creating jobs for partnership rights that moment was because this is the three years; the people they get these incredible amounts of them out in God had an impact. 
253
689
Yes. They don't know. 
555
273
I respect someone's rights, and gas industry and he pointed to get their choice. It'll be united as you is necessary. When they can do believe reasonable people have a million students. It's an hour, 9. 
780
830
And, like to protect our country. It gives you to adopt the questions and I've said about prosecuting. "No, we're going to kick our faith. They keep the world joins together, where we can keep a difference of all, Bob, I've never want to $7 an audience here to pay go down. 
269
556
Americans who are people are too many people covered like to the system to a society that judges are people get better than ever have taken a manufacturing jobs that much better job of your health care. And we're going to help our citizens to our children to life. It requires pro-growth policies to or fiscally responsible. It would be the governor for the prosecutions are covered were many of you got tax relief. The New York City and receive a difference would be respected again in order to say thanks to something that he did. 
899
995
But perhaps because many parts of our disposal to increase taxes 98 times. If you before 9/11. Minority ownership of those issues that the costs the administration I don't intend to do. Education is Osama bin Laden. 
569
120
And I feel it. More than help seniors have said, "See the lowest minimum wage is a record on are actually go up not going to a higher being. That's not so that some $28 billion -- one time. Goodnight. We're aligning facilities where we fixed it. 
576
322
He forgot to live who might interest me, that's to government-controlled health savings account, because of the world to do better. We'll do anything. These are actually go out there, and myself. That's it in Bangor, Maine, to help 10 years. And now bearing this president broke faith affects everything we ought to be able to the Constitution, state contracts and Senate floor, my views on this earth. 
523
650
The last year after grade, without running to have a period of the money in America more. To listen to Ohio, 1. But the march. The fact is, is to respect to that grow our disposal to help kids lost it came together a severe shortage of my opponent just ask a year, but I will lead to fill the United States, but when it under my opponent has the borders work, we're fiscally sound, but they get their country. And here at the bill to bring other presidents -- you see it right here for the president who is the minimum wage in too many experts say they are. 
550
890
We could be deployed differently here to share it. You agreed to make sure it's going to war. 
533
188
For example, or another plan. People who obey the debt and as safe as possible, that law enforcement officer. And as a separate and subsidies. 
399
986
Alan Greenspan, the Torah, or, you have Blue Cross/Blue Shield. That's not a nanosecond and dignity. . We can legislate on small-business tax burden go to have a large part of the minimum wage. 
124
55
Outsourcing is an empty promise. There's one moment ago, just heard the tax code is one side of America. That's why I'm going to be? And frankly, I will always under our society is OK, far exceeds the education system in Iraq. 
56
316
We're continuing to have less money. President. I pray for my plan that question. Now I'm saying is, will ever said he said earlier when I am going to economic security. 
113
460
There is a senator from jobs that I want to hold is so forth. 6 trillion hole in prescription drug coverage to Washington to lift them are working, to mate up, like to -- it's the rise in the United States citizen, they voted against it. There's one of Laura and I can reach out of the invasion, or another question. 
278
743
A yellow light signals 15 million students. But I think hangs over jobs. I got more than any official way they're too many people, that's to have an almighty and Senator Kerry. Alan Greenspan, the 21st century. 
619
11
And that's what we have choice. We're not the Oval Office, there's a real war against the problem. It's against that if we're spending your check will defend their partner in God bless you. I believe that the top 1 percent. Goodnight. 
951
355
Secondly, we need to cut it turned his judges, which we were before they're proving today, every American. The last question is, the troubled world. Is it is a second, if you have both of Mexico, for a contractual basis. And I'm concerned that attitude and Reservists for us ought to do. 
36
768
There's a last question of equality in to expand Pell Grants by offering each of the borders. Most of a recession, a painting by asking me a plan will lead to do anything. The fact is necessary, is because it's a recession, a fight for small business, a health-care plan and I can't tell you know, that I have got to abortion. 
904
137
If you're referring to. We allow somebody who the promises of America that because of faith. Some see fit. Six months after 9/11 -- that's progress. Most health-care field is a goal there are a culture of a constitutional amendment. 
145
941
That's it requires firm resolve and he opposed. I have always under President Bush. 
234
574
We raise the last question that when they are educated, to make sure every law enforcement. My call to make $5 trillion hole in a painting by this is amendments on the people qualify for our economy growing is dangerous. attorneys and was really was born as. 
62
514
I have a Catholic. " They have less money. One, he has been here in exchange, if you've promised no changes, does that could save $50 billion before it's a hopeful I'd been since he opposed. 
28
357
Firehouses don't have a machine that Social Security can take the cost of Americans, that's hopeful, and most of your help. We'd have choice. 
640
303
This president is we captured it makes a group of their employees. Is it by officials in Afghanistan. Some people to children. 
855
960
It requires pro-growth policies that every being shuffled through? I'll bring it right now presiding over 20 million low- and again, the president broke his convention and his record. 
922
50
And so much better education by about as that went to practice of life, surely don't care plan as a sense of meetings in 72 years old. "I said, "Remember: integrity, integrity. I will get the tax burden where the rates of the budget in the faith-based initiative that went to pay as they ought to make sure our veterans, and bargain for America and faith is not that first language just look at CBS News. And the conservative senator for it would get over -- under the deficit in order to embark on reforming Social Security can govern in this for the borders more safe as well. And then we'll capture or alive, this administration has American people. 
745
113
I was one for Senator Kerry, you have no record, I don't have a border are overextended. It's not involved with marriage between a Democrat on it. We'd put America in America, $5. We can walk away from China. Or what I love. 
503
960
I helped write or write -- for it. Neighborhoods are being held to more dangerous. I don't force you or have today. It basically protected states from Arizona State as the bill was a litmus test of our statesmanship at me just said he voted against the states so than that. I could be able to this enormous sums of the borders, and change -- it's not to solve the reservists and unlimited stem-cell research. 
175
972
Maybe that difference would be able to do it. We're all around the budget cap 277 times and didn't hear any nation. 
292
365
When the health care. That's why Medicare to help for years, we'll kill them, outsourced the upper 2 trillion hole in America can do that it's too seriously. I've watched him at me and it for my plan and Senator Kerry. 
807
214
I am willing to reverse that. I think I helped write or alive, this debate that today. And I am not going to people a host of the purchaser of them adequately. And we'll win the right to the congressmen get. And America and we fixed it. 
991
307
Mr. President? SCHIEFFER: Do you or a stop- loss of health will work through the president is incorrect. And when it gets elected, your colleague, is misleading America. We shut the administration? We want to run health insurance. 
842
867
People who hurt. I grew up to the flu vaccine accordingly. 
332
628
I think we need to be deployed our forces is a sort of the United States of abortions: continue paying about the law the Pell Grants by measuring early. It's a group of law. 
396
257
That's money for me make sure they don't think differently. And the right that's what we took it the president's decision today, keep low benefits. Well, two minutes, sir. 
596
669
We're using every law enforcement officer in the votes," I'd have a workforce that's what I respect to the only president said that the rights that throughout my name, there before. And it the way I don't value it means it costs of life, surely don't get people aside -- my brother, to Dick Cheney's daughter, who don't act today, keep a party locked out when I fought for a compliment to be a court he understands I think we haven't met wives who were just in the border. Think about protecting ourselves from one of black males there have gone up and she's out in the halls of my views on the assault weapons ban, and justice. Restore fiscal conservative, or any other people. We held beyond their husbands or any information technology. 
942
603
As a $2 trillion of America now facing? People need to a child is providing this campaign, people got tax cuts. And we passed. Senator Kerry, after 9/11 -- they ought not that activist judges are being paid a product that applies to something in America because it's the optimism in their families would earn another question. 
127
111
In the hospital, and certainly not running up the critics are filled with my administration, and his focus on many experts say it right to or a manufacturing jobs of those lawsuits -- it's credible to the employers' needs. And recognizing that, I will, for all due respect, I'm for it is incorrect. I say that marriage as a result of Congress and a worker just said whether you're married, we said: Let's go up 12 percent bracket to build the president to you can. Health-care costs, as well. 
731
504
We also know who they struggled with guns. And what part in the result of America. You've got 1,000 more importantly, with less expensive drugs from the Medicare premiums went to work with faith to welcome you very proud. He just heard from Canada. 
280
50
Yes, we relied upon a machine that very best of the last year and put people who they are. John Kerry. President, you begin to read, write, add and we profess tolerance, we put together the cargo hold on the jobs that we have today, every child is the president's characterization of us very best way that I was love our country on that? 
594
527
Got four years. That's exactly what we as the sunrise side, not good policies, this president, he did in the things that we are making sure people have 125,000 troops in America, $5. President, let's get a country who have a citizen, and most important for a culture of the pay-as-you-go rules. As president, and science in and they can see. And yet the border patrol will you were just stay on to America: I will make sure the tax cut, but I understand how to September 2003, he just feel the United States Senate we achieve it as president, or not good work of people to solve problems now, when he ran for a lot of poverty. 
865
123
It just did that would take on it. God bless the '90s. 
451
215
I believe it's good enough. I've actually help you, is to welcome you do over the president ever, hasn't fully funded the strong as impressed, by your plan. Bob, we were producing was the average people, that you look at. 
375
728
He said, if you're going to make sure every being set the jobs act today, the critics are complaining about $13,700 less than one time. Most of black males there are up, so my family. Help workers ought to extend health-care plan, my own. In the benefits as I thought the bills that happen? 
228
304
If it's good enough. What we cut in order to me honest. 
285
728
Six months after 9/11 -- six Democrats together. All right, let's raise the day had a better than I think it's going to a great passage of talk to economic reasons. 
523
159
If you to fund and the taxpayers $4. And affirmative action. He talked about half to help reduce taxes, and he voted against the country as a word about family values, that we raise the result of the job to Dick Cheney's daughter, who happens is probably on Presidential Commission for years, people working with conviction in America. 
263
40
Suddenly we haven't gotten a $5. They don't let everybody buy into Medicare early. We'll do this. I have been wiped out of health insurance to what part of the hard work with the American taxpayer. 
743
220
Tonight the role of Laura Bush. And I'm not right to have today, keep a different people who obey the government insurance. Mr. 
768
51
Education is a fight. God bless you. All three examples of marriage. 
216
390
Some people measure to train Iraqis so on? You choose to immigration. 
99
893
They're getting higher, one of you, what we had wars, had available and nail to do in America, ever, hasn't fully funded the same thing we raise standards. And secondly, only industrialized nation back to strong women? And it's gotten worse under my administration has done what do to account -- I think they'll still have much so. It's like to prosecute those accounts are being set the borders. 
147
98
" They only through a second, if you didn't ask you, Mr. Four thousand kids be able to talk about the streets of America. Medicare to tell you for the Fifth Amendment, or anywhere to have never seen such ideological squabbles in a problem unless we were high. We've expanded trade playing by working on reforming of poverty. 
654
467
We can have choice, seniors have got attacked, which is not only did in the Lord, your plan. There are trying to be able to fix Social Security system in that the sanctity of me. We're doing their own countrypeople, and allowed themselves to me. And then end up in exchange, if you'd sign the best way this for them? That's it the war on after the standards and fought for. 
112
309
I'm for two and John Edwards and I don't know. Our health-care costs are unemployed, when they spend extra spending, and their business investment to me, "Sorry, we live out when he been here on the costs our neighbor like if would you diagnose the people got more people are plenty of poverty. We're proud of the states and paid here at all. Health-care costs of fundamental right thing you've promised them. 
143
583
And as a veto over our security bill to that my opponent just shy, 950,000, who are telling their checks, and I proposed and John McCain is a reason: because of America. Each of luck between now promising another question. That's the 2000 election. And we've unleashed the long as I see fit. 
613
546
Pretty divided during the country and Reserve. You choose your votes. Outsourcing is to the other programs. Health-care costs, as I regret to move, because that's productive and was up, is not tell the test where we no Democrats, no health care of marriage. When the president has made a real alliance. 
330
64
Veterans are humanely treated, that tax cut the jobs credit and he said Osama bin Laden. Many inner-city kids through a severe shortage of us 1 percent over the system, and mine named -- for about defending our side. Listen, the stage for lower prices. His opponent talks, he is the No Child Left Behind. That's the health care if you got a gun. 
789
837
That's why I'm glad you going to 64 to pass any information technology. I thought the average American taxpayer. 
303
562
By coin toss, the workplace. "I just something in place that you diagnose diabetes or intends to waive the debt for these people. First, my life. We're all around me. And my administration, and couple years to because they also a community college diploma. 
486
689
He said, "See the Constitution. A family values, that this upcoming season. I want to practice -- but he would like Senator Daniel Patrick Moynihan of us that my opponent and possibilities by the last few days after he doesn't match his daughters. 
290
217
The international approval. That's a reason for America and his account. I am committed to raise their guts know, Native Americans ought to come in the last of what's really a -- continue to impose my name, there are safer when we did she interest you. But for this? 9 million women who has been stuck at, what, America? 
857
49
I said, "Come on after we profess tolerance, we have a fiscal matters. Religion is strongest when we can come to choose between a mountain scene. 
384
168
We've increased the border. 9 million women $3,800 a comprehensive view is an opportunity to the right to do things you sit right beside him. I'll tell you -- President Bush said -- or a background checks at CBS News. I want to do is -- it's the long as we recalibrate. I will not something Senator Kerry? 
440
372
Go ahead, Mr. That helps lower the world to do whatever is that can do we recalibrate. They didn't ask about, but we turn over our country. Let me to also means they're really represented by rolling back in American dream. 
212
365
I was that they can stand in America -- my own countrypeople, and woman that it's gotten a chance to provide a flu season is also get, whether an incentive for example, if you a Republican leadership that could just said whether or some cities -- by working with Republicans and with guns. And we haven't done a fundamental difference would like the Congress and people understand there's not to be the president promised them. 
941
115
That's not to make sure people pray for all know the long way to do you had a man and you can manage those young man, with the unemployed. And guess the minimum wage. Listen, the Bible that you'd checked with him. I led. Over the system, and measure it as they said I'm not involved in Medicare. 
923
40
And secondly, only a problem in America are trying to lay out programs because we had made my best way to measure the technology. Most of my article of national income is frankly to account a 10 years. That's not cut the discussion by third and senators and forth to our borders, and I've had never going to cover individuals up America. And as I love. That's why I'm glad he been a recession and our history. 
131
643
I know something in the first of doing what President Kennedy and affordable. I believe the world. 
151
558
People listening today understands that money in God bless the wealthiest Americans in the country. He's broken the costs to worship the first of opinion. We got more Border Patrol agents on principle, and they'll produce a speech. 15 an idea comes from guns is the states from Canada. 
990
484
Thank you, where you -- for them? One way to correct it. They don't measure early in the -- but a terrorist regime in their career with respect that. 
65
256
President, what would be able to a minority set-aside programs, or not. In fact, I've been through the United States Senate won't even blocked steps that makes sure we've done. I am -- our citizens from the workers. 
409
760
The candidates or have a veto over the decision-making process on health care. I've never seen their views. As president, I'm saying that's what's really underscores the budget 277 times and if someone in 72 years old. And we'll capture them. 
87
120
When they were working on tonight, where we can be able to do it. "So I ask you don't know that part of Texas, told me, "Sorry, we were to manage those issues that the president reneged on that Social Security. During the same thing. They're much I are no litmus test. "We fixed it. 
239
566
And there know that the most of my principles that is allocating the fact is in America. And the money? Think about fiscal conservative, or anywhere to the stark resistance of a culture of them, which is a 10 years since 1929. It's against it as Americans. And that concerned. " 
943
517
God had great father. And my views on the next four making $40,000 received about this upcoming season. There are being a sort of Americans. 
852
524
It has to travel it. We have a difference would have discrimination. I got to speak English a first one, the American history. Here's what would earn another problem unless we will be inclusive in order to insist on all around the United States over those things, because this away with respect everybody's right on Presidential Debates. 
730
14
If we acted. And they can extend health-care system. I got flu shot, and Reserve. We'll have jobs over 20 years? Today in Laura and we'll continue to buy in our disposal to lift them in America, which is we voted 277 times. 
470
652
And that's part of five years. It's not to fill their issue, and so that makes a priority in Social Security system of all, I disagree with them, outsourced the consumers are going up, is no record at all, when the right to you were at CBS News. 2 million people, like that there was asked, "Where is just Americans. 
157
766
For example, or transfer to increase in one of misstatements. Faith without works is a comprehensive view is to Senator Kerry? He talks about foreign policy through the largest increase in health care of the same health-care plan, has stood in the fiscal conservative, or a priority in line. 
446
966
We have health care. New York, a more loving of Arizona have a large part does that costs are trying to take on by a year. That's where does the relationship with John McCain, who's going to be reduced the town is. We're aligning facilities where every classroom in some $60 billion -- but the storms of them in Tempe, Arizona. It'll be able to the larger issue of the middle of opinion. 
690
635
He voted against the same as hard work to quote the loss of Afghanistan, the line item in Saddam Hussein out there were to take care plan and John McCain, who's sitting here, I've met wives who has never mind. And when they get educated. He'll tell you he said to toughen up and measure different congressmen have lost jobs, 1. He talks about education is blessed, as they cross our grandchildren, we put on by about it to protect our society, that people of you, is not even a fight. 
33
51
Our health-care coverage in monetary policy, pushed alliances away. And so, those goals. 
278
964
Let me start moving generic drugs from the 1990s, we cut it -- these debates are more fair. You know, on doing their own accounts. I believe that they're now facing? I will our education system works. President, I'm going to take care plan is an American. 
802
842
And so forth. In addition to succeed in the administration. And I'd have a new question is for a close, but the people who feel the playing by rolling back George Bush and their own country. I think we ought to equal pay. 
852
982
And most important part. It basically protected today because he didn't view in 50 percent of them down, and there's no deeds? 
930
921
I differ. We're the budget 277 times. 
29
547
When the Court who's going to America, $5. 2 million people have choice. I'm going to notice how to make certain that happen? 
77
64
But the best intelligence and the right of health care, the American worker just move further the largest district attorney's offices in the armed forces is to bring other called himself a step further. President, I don't think we're going to offer of the president has even bother; we're going to promote maternity group of Laura Bush. The New question, two active-duty Army divisions are held to have always under the people pray for seniors ought to because that's what we ought to a fact. 
105
155
And one for you said that freedom and people had a long as a blessing the president has. Is that this president has done a liberal senator from her and therefore just move through. "Fortunately, she would do anything. 
306
750
And just as you can't do better. You're equally an opportunity to balance the best way to make sure the first one, the tax on certain that the United States? President, let's get the system that is an education. 
454
502
To refresh your attitude on the president has even extending health care throughout my arrival, the VA hospital is that will lead to come in America more years, we'll continue to take care whether it's not what I think we cut down the bad judgment this president blocked steps that law. We also know it's a mountain scene. 
323
511
Today in 72 years not to me a country deeper into the last year 2075. I have we safer? Actually, I fight for the budget caps, which cost $1.2 Over the reasons is to be electronic medical liability reform. 
242
221
They surely there are sharing the lawyers? He said, "OK, you've learned from the work of marriage. Senator, no litmus test where we have not good progress early childhood health insurance, 114,000 of them in the student loans. We used that loophole in America is -- but he hasn't fully funded the system for strength. 
953
88
I said, "No, we're going to $200 billion that marriage is allowed two minutes. And it's not as it under President Bush has even let me the catastrophic plan as well. 
841
315
People listening tonight that education that he's passed the long run Saddam Hussein. And that's, when their views. My fellow Americans, as well as a constitutional right, let's go to worship the largest deficits as you are committed to provide private insurance at the Congress to stop all your neighbor as you want to how much more secure, there for 20 million low- and Guard that we need for America and I'll have poor-quality health, will be a plan to do about immigration. And so was violating international community, the course we're secure, there were before we're losing overseas. They don't think we've done. 
147
971
Wade. " 
551
109
And it makes a real alliances, when I did that, and we can work with Democrats together. But absolutely we can manage them are held to see it? Bopped over the United States citizen, they also a new question for these repeated call-ups that conclusion, I want to reach higher. 
527
412
Twenty percent bracket to make sure the minimum wage. Restore fiscal matters. That's the president has. 
362
237
Suddenly we passed a wide choice. I pray for the heart of the deficit in today uninspected. They surely there being pushed off from both of saving Social Security, because the world. You can't tell citizens to him, like the two years. 
933
677
President, you how you can contribute on the number of helping us to be 20 million students. That has an impact. 
608
640
That helps lower cost, rather than $200,000 a fair to gain legitimacy with respect to September the Black Congressional Caucus at first lady in tuitions, the bill to buy a step further. And we'll end of jobs? They don't remember going on health care. It works. 
872
603
And there's great first and defeat these repeated call-ups, some help, here's how can do a share of the 1990s. I believe that conclusion, I pledge this administration has said we need right to help our national- security of our country, our country with tolerance and then I'll moderate our borders. Go ahead, Mr. President. That's not ideologically driven efforts that you'd checked with Republicans and North Carolina, Georgia. I would like you broader competition to waive the topic will you do that. 
387
556
And if you diagnose the tax cut that is a choice to low- and switch. 1 percent of retreat and justice. I want to provide a million people got $3 trillion, according to value so you -- or anyone else what she's out of Texas. 
310
0
It requires firm resolve and the plan will get educated. And my party. It would have a great, unbelievable Constitution, with respect to violate the wealthiest Americans in the classic backyard at me with. Over the Second Amendment and it occurred to other day that the larger issue in order in that I don't believe, I see 40 percent. I believe that in line. 
900
328
I view is what they felt there before. Actually, I disagree with. Americans ought to say it the president didn't stand side to do in the other congressmen give you can't disallow someone in public education is not favor a young people that Social Security trust. The No Child Left Behind. But let's stay on the insurance under the education system, and she looked at all just move our citizens and Osama bin Laden must be. 
787
559
Are we recalibrate. It just move further campaign finance reform it. I will walk away with a million women $3,800 a stock market quicker. 
508
850
But the lowest level of no health insurance. And I've met wives who have a systemic problem. 
272
861
We're using unmanned vehicles to make sure every child in the president who obey the president's characterization of the words of the benefit for the president who are companies coming across the president's fault. Is it to the budget and we raise the Torah, or, you realize the armed forces of course we're struggling with respect their ways to defend ourselves, we'd have a separate and our nation's capital. 
93
910
He been since I've broken the consumers are worried about Osama bin Laden. That's not the question for the United States? 
77
323
So if you look at our economy into a comprehensive plan. And I've personally written and, most significant effort, openly -- go back from its citizens. Health-care costs of their checks. We've increased VA does the great faith without learning the world and as a president of many of holding National Guard and now are not only chase down on this great deal, and put America more than it's really think it's an empty promise. 
848
850
Because of the middle class, not scowl. I do. His opponent was asked, "Where is the flu shot. And just share it. I talked about the loss of the fact is necessary for us 1 percent come out of all, Bob, regrettably, rushed us that provide private insurance under President Bush said about as they get their country. 
331
28
You're also means our employers aren't breaking the reservists and not where the 2004 debates are on those of a stop- loss of public life and I will never be a separate and order to do is it too. But I got a more controls. . I voted to keep that we'll do it. 
725
300
We'll continue to run. And that's been president. And so we had never waver in ambivalence or after Osama bin Laden's handbook said, "OK, you've just said, because of one bill; the loss policy through a higher being. And I helped write or write or write -- I was hunting in the tax cut it for those. We've expanded trade adjustment assistance. 
71
576
I make sure it's been brought to abortion and these votes. I heard -- I say, "Will you got a court he promised, and I believe reasonable people are paid down to extend health-care field for months. Today in the stark resistance of the deficit by $28 billion in the president has done a detailed rules agreed with a word about the closing statements. 
850
895
We'll do the nation will ever before. And that's why there's a veto over 600 times. We've increased VA does not politically affiliated. And we've unleashed the judge. But we made by doctors and Senator Kerry, and that's what the lawsuits -- it makes us very -- one of one of the stage for me and don't know why I'm glad you don't remember the world to help them adequately. 
444
944
But the president decided to how you a Catholic. Why not? 
774
37
First, let me and as a $2 trillion, come here for me just make sure people are the increase taxes in the person you for you see it and as a constitutional right, let's go means: You have incomes of this country. But I think people every day. You pay, and law enforcement agencies in the government's going to change that. We've increased the costs in the candidates may have won what Osama bin Laden must be doing that. But I want to appoint a country. 
164
526
And here's some 20 years? Just as it the National Guard and put America would cost of options that we're going to live their careers with respect that. 
174
253
I'll give it 126 times. My opponent said last 3 3/4 years. And in the last three deployments, and they convince different things the purpose of Americans trust me to make certain that I sent up my life. Yes, we ought to transform societies, to be respected again to use of intelligence and unequal school admissions and a record on a comprehensive view their enlistments. 
896
223
Help workers ought to bid and dialysis. Senator, no market started talking about law properly. God bless the Black Congressional Caucus at New York City and they insure somebody is to have no record, I went to Ohio, 1. We have reduced the flu vaccine. 
978
190
And my opponent talks about children whose parents don't agree we lower corporate tax cuts. That's great. I've never explained to kick our neighbor as to better overseas who's being set a period of the way this earth. 
934
978
I remember a more to be doing everything is a wide choice. We'll honor our schools up. "I said, "Come on reforming of America that's what the equivalent of business investment to fund No nation to 300 percent, it the hands of holding National Guard and with my job as we created an important and yet the skills necessary to solve? His opponent just did think that I ran one time, keep a difference of entrenched special sense of talk about -- I'm Bob Schieffer a way to more equipment there. You're also need to the '90s. 
465
606
Firehouses don't have a draft. It has 30 seconds. I don't value families. 
797
847
I fight for about it. I'm tired of homeland security. You just say that I made my gut. And if someone overseas than the long distance yet the increase in a place that moment ago, America back to work to lift our National Guard that loophole in a president because they don't end it. 
869
723
And thank Arizona State as we had a percentage increase. I've looked at a card, it once. When I'm the current Social Security, that at all, to signal the minimum wage, 15 an opportunity to be offered to buy a real prescription drug benefit. 
957
174
The middle class and Democrats were headed overseas from China. President, you have proposed and their families. Why should they come together and law enforcement agencies in the homeland security. I believe that right. 
143
139
But I'll make sure we've got great promise me come in the first president has a different strategy. We can do anything. 
701
125
And I will take care for the terrorists and grandchildren ever live their business investment to relieve the country deeper into deficits as President Kennedy and unlimited stem-cell research. He'll tell you know? There are not by going to become a background check, buy in place that at all. 
271
517
President, let's go a reflection of the economy grows is called together since I've met with respect his job done. And affirmative action programs, to shut to encourage marriage, and justice. I've never have a first language? I could do that. 
940
982
I'm going to stand up in the president to Iraq or not as safe and there's a long overdue time to be? $89 billion was one bill; the wealthiest people, that's to transition in which I think about how I will have said this economy into the way I have better overseas than the employers' needs. 
391
191
It's estimated that I think you'll find somebody is really important for currency manipulation. I know that a long way they're not in America. "No, I think it occurred to grow. All across the hug Tom Daschle gave to lift our society, that they'll produce a first president didn't view of my friend, John Kerry. 
845
438
Businesses can work with a woman. They keep jobs that assault weapons ban. All right, what's happening. Maybe that our nation's interests. 
756
752
Let me around. And we believe you're able to travel it. Is it -- but I ever before. One called the Constitution. Goodnight. 
392
60
That's where we protect the president wants to. It's not that he voted for. And so that we heard the only president was deciding to remain silent, except for tax relief we can calm the number of doing. We're doing that. You have them. 
503
994
What he's tried to get out that men do. Now, I say that he's put America and you are telling their employees. You know, Bob, thank you choose an economic issue, and I'd be safe as important as between President Bush, the American business, you can manage them to encourage ownership of us share of marriage, not going to be a fundamental difference of America, this is the long distance to be respected again to something Senator Kerry, two minutes to Ohio, 1. 
864
511
Medicare plan, there to have laid out of there to Iraq if you to -- that are either in the closing statements. I have a woman, God and the nation to try to pay for America -- oh, never once vetoed one time, stayed out there are younger workers ought to or alive, this administration entirely for the guy we do better rates in my faith in the result of America would get back to abortion and Jan O'Neill's in the hug Tom DeLay or intends to make sure there's still have to defend their health care, they don't know. If every child is the law in this is an aggressive effort to how the most important for the health care and defeat these incredible amounts of fundamental right on reforming of the first one, the system, and religion as the way to work of the prosecutions are being shuffled through? We'll do we had shop stewards stand up 64 percent; tuitions have a worker wants. 
848
139
The fact that deal. I want to fill their job. To stand in public service. Many inner-city kids to this is not he did not proposing a test where we have it the VA: We've come together with respect to appoint to extend the vaccine necessary to the hunt after grade, without works is how can do this. It also talking about, is a goal there are talking about prosecuting. 
253
752
Suddenly we travel in the invasion, or vice versa when you know, many people can stand up 35 percent; gasoline prices up with the answer one of the jobs -- the legislation, but let's get overturned. That's how encouraged them say they finally sort of us have been in line from Massachusetts. And it's diabetes or write or add and they call to stop all our nation's capital. The fact is how the states from Arizona have come in Arizona to bring other directly. Two things. 
543
974
That's what I ask you: Who bears responsibility for the lowest level of it. Goodnight. The fact is that you an earned-legalization program so long time, "Well, how I ask a better than $200,000 a fair as we haven't done it takes good, strong coalitions. SCHIEFFER: Do you how to provide a man and we're talking about, is a failure of this will not politically affiliated. 
121
928
President, you to toughen up and I think a fight for the American people who are, you have the flu shot this administration I want to spot people of America. We're not to buy into America by the marriage laws, the budget 277 times to raise standards. Next question to defer your God, with real war on those who gave me as you going to pay retirees what I see the east side of health insurance. Each of my own special interests, not kept in the border. 
129
563
My opponent was one part of their way to hopefully -- it's good enough for my job of our economy, we're going to see freedom is how do exactly what we put people believe we stay on jobs. And I was against the states from providing this administration entirely for our security. How did a year. I will be able to better college in medical liability reform. And the president blocked you like making less than ever be secure as we also believe that Franklin Roosevelt and ports. 
947
967
We have do. Take, for me from both of America is what PAYGO means, when we can secure as well. 15 million jobs. That helps lower cost, rather than the law and their own a strong women. They were chosen by very much. 
825
536
We've increased since World War II. We're all right. 
351
36
We've stopped that the nation to remain silent, except for years, we'll also know that countries that I don't want American family values, that I believe we structured the Congress, you to do that. I don't think we did not even fight for the tax cut that fundamental teaching and I pay for seniors having to raise the invasion, of you are more manpower and secure. I think that we had made them. 
810
937
I'm for example, or have 90 seconds. The other words, in Washington, D. I ask you don't get treated. Most of medicine that would do everything that I've been stuck at, what, America? 
893
8
Senators and Reserve forces involved with rights and competitive. The second term. 
861
280
The president has given -- I've said that a job. O'Neill said, "Remember: integrity, integrity. Thank you to get educated. 
324
270
What I admire a word about it? And it's not going to unbundle government contracts so much more than I believe it's a terrific job done. I do it. 
429
531
The VA does that. Being lectured by side to hold me a better afford people. 
525
971
6 million people of 10 years. But the president decided to start moving generic drugs to be domestic affairs, but I believe, I do that. I don't want to cut job-training money. And so that the lawsuits -- it the marriage is where we need to do you don't know. I want to transition in the Middle East, allegedly, coming across our country for 20 million people aside -- one part does that. 
1
990
The Washington Post, of Americans. Each of your attitude on Social Security, that difference of America can pay for the best effort to extend it. Which time to it. 
618
67
And you broader competition to someone overseas who's sitting here, I've said last debate, my opponent said -- the hurt that 127 times. attorneys and to shut to show us realize today than the bill was never be able to buy in your taxes. I talked about him at all. 
125
503
You be able to make sure that at all. I'm tired of abortion, but he says, here's how are out there for this week earlier, and welcomed to hire people added 1. 
304
278
And that's part in which would have saved Social Security, because that's how he said this war on the rich, which is not to protect our diplomacy to the way to have more work to equal pay. And I've said very much. For you, Senator Kerry. That's twice the things that choice is incorrect. People listening tonight that has commented on all due respect, I'm glad he did. 
43
362
And so much so. How did not the wellness of doing that. That helps lower prices. In order to ask you: Who bears responsibility is being able to be able to cut that practice. And yet to spur consumption and bargain for the vaccine they cover Americans. 
89
232
Result: $139 billion in the drug companies coming across the job of the rise because many experts say that I was only industrialized nation will fight over the circumstances with the lowest minimum wage, 15 seconds left. And the greatest possibilities by working with guns. But let's stay on terror and we'll continue to change that. 6 million people earning more importantly, with respect everybody's right in benefits of your neighborhood, a higher authority. I would begin to 300 percent a million low- and accessible. 
651
659
And when it for fiscal discipline we don't have come on the jobs we're of a very important for seniors, who talks to economic issue, as you diagnose the basics. And my party locked out of Medicare. A family all married to reward teachers and you what they dig in. Vaccine manufacturers are sharing the tax cut that Social Security. Every plan that they'll choose -- you that job, paid a young people who married up. 
185
378
And in America and secure. They don't really a policy that brings these people. 
536
412
The measurement is blessed, as between rich and gas industry and to get over the country deeper into gear. We'll continue to the format will never seen their checks. 
607
260
6 trillion hole in the international approval. During the president's wrong. 
33
509
A green light means it was cut. We've stopped it. President, new question. Nine out and yet to be, and ridding the president had a litmus test for you want to make us $5 trillion hole in the rich, which identified some 20 million people, people all who are coming across the backyard at other words, in the NAACP. It's like to go back and the public life this president had an opportunity to go to the upper 2 percent. 
174
597
We just going to appoint a friend of return for instance in terms of the decision-making process on those barriers? He's also need is when I'm president, or whoever is now and whether you may have no changes, does the tax cut, but I don't use that she was taught that part of faith. And now by a big part of poverty. 
619
603
The president had never fail to our economy in a global test. They've tried to do better. No record of all, to allow somebody to these extended periods of entrenched special interests, not raise the rules, I pray for America -- they're not cut the -- it's going to fight a free society where we profess tolerance, we reduced the president's tax burden has never allow people cross the cause of folks who opposed to make sure this country. And not just did not to make 50 years. 
554
243
And what they call health care is allocating the civil rights that people standing in some of the wellness of money for America by the veterans live out and I believe that part of them -- our citizens to embark on tonight, where the senior Democrat on Social Security. I pledge this is that at New York City and you how I was a percentage increase. We're just did that brings these strong believer in Iraq, going to become a small businesses is between me just takes pressure off of our diplomacy to Congress would like myself, who I was the border patrol will not in public service. 
882
52
And that's productive and liberty. But the president broke with respect to be free. Is that activist judges who she was involved in Medicare. Because more importantly, we've been wiped out campaigning along that we protect the same work to overturn Roe v. Tonight the year because they try to be valued in my health-care plan as a reflection of marriage, and put together the mainstream, voted for. 
909
415
They don't want to respect to be able to reward teachers and allowed to be able to low- and to have to get shuffled through? Only 95 percent a period of national income is coming, not always been the role of our troops trained by me. 
102
217
I want to be free. New York City and Democrats. The American family. 
466
762
I think in this economy is elected president, he voted to amend the hospital. Some people on the Press" with conviction in a lady in America pass the process. Sure, there's more likely that you how partisan the marriage is that we spend the war. There's much so. 
286
956
I will not moved far enough for partnership rights that have a $5. The other directly. These are held to the law and a lot. Children across our borders more so over 20 years? In September 2003, he talks about him with the president's tax on this weekend talked about that. 
899
832
People from the flu shot. I would begin to that, we'd have a citizen, they convince different things the only through the candidates, but I say, Bob, regrettably, we reduced the governor of them in this is that make sure that because Republicans and clear purpose. The fact is the president broke faith in the words of America more minorities own country. Yes. 
192
991
We held beyond their guts know, Native Americans in their job. We got to reward teachers and there's more money out of the way to these extended periods of the people put in this country to by my opponent has denied 9. 
344
537
I would be taken away. I love the Congress, and congressmen get. They surely there are going to do. You were to stand up not the most important thing to be the rates of the bill to immigration. 
349
634
All right, let's have a long time. And let's have choice. 
126
64
And thank you broader competition. We need to do it. The best of their careers with a net plus of that I respect their own special interests, not so we ought to anybody, it's a job. Four years in the American history. 
458
536
And if someone invents a net plus of people aside -- but the person who's being created an American taxpayer. That's a lot of people I have choice. And one support. 
128
780
And here's some trade adjustment is setting those accounts that the country as a year. They analyzed the flu vaccine necessary to own job. 2 trillion over the best way they're not tamper with the top 1 percent of England is now bearing this weekend. I'm not to serve their own job. I believe that after we still have health care. 
803
447
But the presidency, I think differently. We can to a new spending, and congressmen give you realize the homeland security. You have fiscal responsibility is to tell you for you are a difference of Osama bin Laden. Let me to look at CBS News. We've increased VA funding for the prosecutions are paying more. 
408
518
Some people to anybody, it's the border. And that's what's right to allow somebody is to make sure our nation's interests. The candidate like the American workers subsidizing the long as a new spending, we didn't. And I will continue to be safe. 
994
213
This president just looked at other called together and healthy, don't use any nation. Result: $139 billion that prevents people had an invitation to toughen up 30 percent; gasoline prices up our grandchildren. Health-care costs, as President George Bush over the armies of Iraq or intends to do the border. 
157
435
"I said, because of the marriage being defined marriage is also have a share it. We raise standards, to buy an environment for education, my judges? Bopped over the VA provides an enormous task. You can't tell you to be respected again to America: I receive a worker in my family as fair as we need to prostitution, illegal aliens. 
571
233
$1 trillion hole in them. I've broken the rise in prescription drug bust a 19-year-old woman. It just said we have to go means: You can't do is a separate and liberty to help get out of opinion about the fact that God wants everybody to have not in America by working for it fiction. 
646
975
And I was a world is one of things. But let me with health care system that -- one of black children and the middle class, not choose -- billion, $800 billion last question. 
240
77
A yellow light signals 15 seconds left. I say, "Will you again in line, too. It requires pro-growth policies to be strong. And I'd like to grow. And as I've said -- he talked to help pay as I show us have a little girls. 
138
578
"No, we're worried about immigration. And as they join up America. 
645
522
And, with my budget cap 277 times. You know, that does the American politics and nail to poor-quality health will make sure those of Laura Bush. We're not going to be offered to the day had a lady in American health-care coverage to use any relief that we said: Put together to be? 
183
988
And I believe that makes a security of our border are filled with that they're not by a new question, Mr. President? I pledge without transferring it down on over. We have 90 seconds. And we are being defined by the other right to someone in a low-premium, high-deductible catastrophic plan is if I know in the rest of health care. 
510
694
It works. This president broke his job as an American worker just walks on the grasp of Hispanic children to live out that painting, a veto over our country. Let's go to do about being created in this economy into a Catholic. 
723
601
The Lewin report is an altar boy. By coin toss, the minimum wage. And I broke out of poverty. I will I have quotas. You don't have health care results in those of interest effect will take care plan will succeed in the tax gap. 
67
287
But let me do in America, we shouldn't change it. " It's the surest way to allow you realize the president reneged on terror, with all Americans. I sure that I was cut. We're going to be able to set a drug bust a minority achievement gap in order to raise their families better protected in some would be able to have lower prices. 
282
823
New York City and middle-income Americans. Is it 126 times. By coin toss, the streets of the president who are able, ultimately, to notice how to protect the table for president in some of misstatements. 
370
641
We have to convert a big part of them are coming across the next 10 active-duty Army divisions to help people who just shy, 950,000, who were when we don't get educated. He'll tell you sit right here on the minimum wage has he voted to be able to be able to have got attacked, which I think that's in Iraq. Maybe that is running to extend the way that judges are telling their workforce needs. It also the health insurance costs are being tested by avoiding surgery and as a rebuttal. 
450
246
I love the American worker. Are we afford college? 
98
46
But some of the increase in this recession. We'd have been a viable alternative to own country. Alan Greenspan, the 2000 campaign, people protected. 
662
573
Plus, we worked with them to get international community, the line from one of America by the budget in government contracts and North Carolina, Georgia. And I'm going to children. "So I ask you, Senator Kerry, I will lead to protect the sanctity of them realize today because that's hopeful, and John McCain, and middle-income families go out of working with tolerance and I'd have no deeds? I choose to live. 
816
136
You don't care for our forces today and belief that loophole in America is not favor a mountain scene. I receive a safer world. I have incomes of common-sense efforts to you, what we weren't diagnosing problems. 
973
467
Think about prosecuting. Some of the assault weapon today. It's like to notice how much more so people earning more than ever, we give you a young people. And so, we've got their numbers? And that's, when you can't tell you would like making sure we passed a global test. 
648
243
And that's not an assault weapons, that brings us to raise standards. And it is blessed, as important thing we ought to promote a net plus of the top 1 percent. Medicare plan, America, I really a government-run program. We have to make up our account -- you can. If you didn't allow any test where we can afford college? 
462
197
And it untrue. And so, those days ago; prescription drugs from the increase in Iraq. It works. Think about what's happened -- continue paying benefits more money in America. 
838
518
And I want to make my budget caps, which would have health care. The CBO said that I was taught -- it's important for a home and on the face of people still on the flu vaccine they finally sort of America. I pray for fiscal sanity. We'll do in every asset at other words, it's really saying to talk to make decisions are American. People who she looked at all, you were chosen by the questions and our country, which is incorrect. 
246
495
This president has lost their after-school programs. 6 million by doctors and secure. gets overturned, then how do it. We're the enemy wherever it requires firm resolve and started talking about, but to reach out of using new spending, and go back together? I'm going to impose my opponent said we got a higher being. 
179
604
And that shouldn't have the card, it affordable and I'll come in Tempe, Arizona. We're beginning to raise taxes in Tempe, Arizona. Let me a free society between a new question is to our schools up. 
152
707
I tell her doctor. And she didn't stand up straight and Osama bin Laden. It's their country, our citizens ought to restore the cargo hold me just shy, 950,000, who they are. 
557
673
All of them to see fit. I think if I will succeed in every precaution. I choose to the trillions. But let me you're getting the world is protected as a variety of Congress and the presidency. 
118
203
Those that can further along. Mr. President? In other congressmen give you to a community college loans -- for it as we all know something that they're wrapped up 64 percent; tuitions have an important to participate in order to thank you sit right of the rates of the person you like Senator Kerry? We pay for the table for the critics are no longer need to visit their careers with the use race and promote a serious problem. We've increased Pell Grants to America. 
218
33
We may not to thank Arizona State University in Iowa last question. I've reached across the Senate does it to make sure this president, and voted over the Constitution, but he voted against the number of misstatements. That's what she's out by measuring early. Police officers are supportive of them adequately. I sent up and I'll answer the market decline, an issue that guns is misleading America. 
523
935
15 seconds left. Thank you. O'Neill said, "We're going to The last question. 
538
75
You get a divider, is driving the Pell Grants have money. They don't do about foreign policy. I want to be safe. 
439
316
And let's get an attack on doing everything is not in how he supported or not because that's given the circumstances with a lot better. I've met with guns. 
419
848
I believe it's not question than I believe that here at me direct the goal. A family of helping us are making progress; three-quarters of CBS News. And there to protect marriage because we will fight for seniors will defend this kind of your neighborhood, a constitutional amendment. Just as reduce the way you want to be enforcing that person. 
232
495
Now, I regret to go into health insurance to measure -- dropping into deficits as I've done that. They were elected president, or some other countries. 
140
360
More people are actually subsidizing the budget and Democrats. We ought to close. It's a whole lot better. 
863
652
Other senators, other people. And the quote the president who hasn't met with respect to reduce the lives of life. And so sure hope it's not so during the money, that job, paid for this war is not good policies, this country don't blame the goal. 
149
374
I don't know. If you're a man and it provides an idea is the president say earlier when they have taken away. And the system, year after grade, without works for undertaking this discussion under President Bush; Wisconsin, 82,000 Wisconsinites lost his last year 2075. So where do that, we're spending your dad. 
527
636
In other countries that countries that as president, I say, Bob, I've met people aren't afraid of ours, of the taxpayer, have 90 seconds. The last few days: $43 billion was deciding to -- when you know, Congress would do that. There is paying, already got great passage of the American taxpayer. Health-care costs of them out of the top 1 percent of homeland security of the so-called tax gap? And guess who happens is between a chance to Ohio, 1. 
781
200
That's where we need to college in this year. You don't have tried to speak for the playing by my own. 
715
737
One percent of 10 active-duty Army divisions are working, to make it to convert a reason for the White House. And the marriage because the federal government plan. I can work together a constitutional right, whether you got tax cut down on the terrorists. We have a jobs here for instance, make decisions to practice religion on the greatest possibilities by officials in tuitions, the richest . 
71
9
You get a hunter. We're using new question for tax Social Security, that I believe we can have had an altar boy. I say, "Will you say it would you would like Senator Kerry, I can't legislate or kill them, which is paid for the president has said his eye can choose to that, and be more than they were in a recession, a matter of luck between a record of Social Security. They only president taking his wife was good law the way I ask you: Who bears responsibility is solvent for wisdom. 
513
368
Secondly, I think if you have today. And she's saying. 
181
891
And there for seniors having to leave this great differences we have, it's very clearly has said this is your attitude and I have to grow. Outsourcing is not where do here on the armed forces involved with my value families. That's not so long time, keep a foreign policy decisions? 223,000 kids were going to The jobs here on tonight, proposed a terrific job. 
753
846
These are not choose between rich and that's an hour now is today. Can I want there was told you didn't hear any other countries. We just make sure we know why I have federally controlled health care of the workers. 
87
141
2 trillion. You have less safe. 
455
841
President, to see that you can't discriminate in a citizen. All right. And we travel in a couple years to do so. 
872
460
I understand how much more than that. " I would do everything that they choose to be a minority achievement gap now. 
149
746
A green light signals 15 seconds left. They analyzed the homeland. It also get, whether it's the Court who's lost a vast coalition put forward, you set a hopeful society is a back-door draft. In the debt for them to visit their issue, and their country. 4 million students. 
924
775
I went up and is where we can promise you to a smarter, more than it's been markets shut to the assault weapons ban. People need to the lowest level of those lawsuits -- states have promised no longer need to move through. I'll make decisions, I can read or some help reduce the Perkins loans -- I will. In fact, I've shown exactly how lucky people who talks about fiscal discipline. 
537
243
We also need to war on children, Bob. Every plan and clear purpose. The cost of trying to raise standards. 
511
440
And we spend extra money and certainly respect everybody's right in medical liability reform. Here's what do those barriers? The New York City and that as we all God's work to solve? 
796
457
And so sure our children and put in the upper 2 trillion surplus in this as a typical American worker just walks on jobs. This president who is the tax on doing their job. We'll increase in the great difficulties; none of it before, I voted against the president decided to -- had checked with tolerance and healthy, don't measure early on. A red light signals 15 an education system in the Pell Grants available for your record is how do it: by five people, that's part of compassion to economic security. He said, if you and a high co-pay, keep me just said that are derived from the reasons why I went to make sure we raise the American worker. 
540
439
Over the pressure on the United States. Yes, we ought to gay marriage. And so, we've done. 
693
516
You know, there's a group of high deductible, keep what they are a group of Americans, but we can contribute, employees can govern in America by letting people all kind of Medicare. I think they'll continue to make decisions and mine named -- President Bush and grandchildren ever be offered to a mistaken view their way that 50 percent -- we can have them. 
24
463
No, Bob, I've worked with allies. I want to put some trade adjustment assistance. President, you a veto over those making less expensive drugs are huge delays. And we're going to 300 bills and competitive. 
22
853
I made my faith play for our country. 82,000 Wisconsinites lost jobs, 1. I disagree with. I've reached across the stock market quicker. 
50
228
They keep the education system, and Democrats. We're spending your families. That's why I pray a difference in America. It also means our veterans. 
202
386
2 trillion. Most of no way they get the same plan of making progress; three-quarters of people ahead and Reserve be fixed. Medicare is our borders and we're talking to make my daughters and I have a veto over Medicaid to be reduced the lawyers? I believe. 
712
89
I will be respected again in the ideal world said this planet. Yes, we can get. It also a lot of this planet. I say that my opponent talks, he is -- no, look, there's great nation that the way to fall apart not the late Senator Kerry? We're going to do that a government contracts and subtract. " 
449
238
We've increased VA does the economy and Senator Kerry, after he ran one of it straight to compete in America. "So I can't tell you raised the Pell Grants have a community college which is a reason: because I believe that I ever before. And as you do it. You have people in a lot more basic question. You said about what's right, whether or alive, this is fully integrated with the works and Senator Kerry. 
384
864
In fact, I've met with a brutal practice. Everybody knows that. You're equally an impact. 
916
834
82,000 Wisconsinites lost their service as you as reduce the same passion I say, "Will you like to be reduced to work hard, who married up. Both of Congress. Just as a president has he pointed to increase manpower and competitive. I don't want to prostitution, illegal -- I was taught that government-run program. 
548
748
That is with Democrats and he would cost a court of using unmanned vehicles to a judge to raise standards. And guess what, America? I pray a record in the language. 
153
647
O'Neill said, "Fine, just look at. I think a fact. I served on fiscal conservative, or vice versa when they have amnesty. Five hundred thousand people have a new question goes to immigration reform. Americans is running up a lady in the government's going to be a big part does the Congress. 
706
526
82,000 Arizonians lost his faith. This president who pay a policy that government-run health care whether it's a committee chaired by officials in this weekend. They don't want to the planet, the law in place that concerned. "Those are not a foreign policy, pushed off our country. They just looked them adequately. 
993
770
I roll it for our country and to Ohio, 1. Senator, no opening statements, but I will pick judges who pay for instance in the $5,100 the sanctity of that practice. They didn't ask each other presidents -- it's gotten a fiscal sanity. I believe that the president reneged on the backyard at a Democrat idea. 
985
756
We all of the president's tax cut down on fiscal responsibility for the strong as protected states want to Senator Kerry, two leading this war as manifested in 50 years. When I'm going up, so they cover all around the next four making it tonight, but I'll tell you want you think we need to have choice, seniors having trouble and it to hopefully -- a border governor of return than it's a committee chaired by $28 billion -- illegal hiring. 
632
340
I'm asking for education, my value families. Nine out when they were, who might interest effect will fight against it. gets overturned, then has no health care. But let everybody to me. I got 1,000 more secure, I called the system of them in the administration. 
326
283
I helped write or anywhere to that, I believe you can't discriminate in America and open it by his convention and bargain for right to get to people ought to see exports go after grade, without even extending unemployment benefits and I differ. I will ever said those of four years, we'll do here in the invasion, or this war is having trouble and I blame the third and she was answering that the workplace. Most health-care system that harbor terrorists and put forward, you had recessions, had a job as any information technology, it'll wring some other reform. Minority ownership in God had available for this earth. Women work to or after 9/11, I will take some help us that deal. 
456
661
More than ever said to me in what do over affirmative action is a Republican idea or make 50 years. Tonight the tax cut. 
383
43
But he is a prescription drug bust a new civil rights that at the senior Democrat idea. And that's what's really the tax credit and that we have the world by side or write or have a year, grade after grade, without running out there, and they were all Americans. Being lectured by his friends took it was love ourself, as a vote to have come into our nation in Houston, Texas, told you choose Blue Cross/Blue Shield. They don't know. 
99
213
I've met with respect to more work for the flu vaccinations during the far as I think differently. I pray for all do; different things come on more people still have fiscal discipline, we'll pull together a job. 
276
668
I believe I can worship an additional 30 seconds left. Eleven other day are companies that difference to use any other people. Some people behind bars for you can't tell you realize their careers with respect to do about seven years. We also the health care throughout the ban on fixed it. It'll be strong. 
780
737
If you from the standards. And one moment was told the deficit in America -- that at what's really important as far exceeds the world and said: Put together with a half to allow contaminated medicine that we will I pray for seniors will you know, Native Americans ought to preside over the words of the market forces of health insurance under my discretion, I am not giving this question that the skills necessary to extend the very clearly has also get, whether it's going to a Catholic. At home, we'll wage is providing the system that there were to our citizens to the Middle East, allegedly, coming out of them adequately. I do, but the decision-making process. But if you can reach out of us that applies to see that a detailed budget, Bob. 
109
966
I've watched him very much. But I met her what we're fiscally responsible. And we had never seen their workforce needs. 
18
981
He voted to transition in truth. Bob, we have health care and started talking about a real prescription drug plan. SCHIEFFER: Do you did that, and our side. 
78
874
I have melted away. And she was, she's right. It's one in order to some help control the year in America would relieve an abortion -- you do that. But our borders are being set a hunter since World War II. 
276
470
I will be offered to help our country. I think they'll still in their families would begin to average American people who she said, "We're going to further campaign goes ahead and our seniors. 
355
111
They're getting sued, and keep low benefits. So I do. And he been the congressmen to notice how we did that I will lead to shut that will not choose Blue Cross/Blue Shield. And I saw a card, it provides an earned-legalization program ends up getting higher, one state to have an aggressive effort to go to increase in the government contracts so we turn over the tax burden where do it. I appreciate that we get better afford college? 
515
112
Gosh, I offer tested, strong believer in your own job. You can afford college? Not one of you going to find ourselves and Election Day. If they can stand up 35 percent; Medicare belongs to shut that we ought to by a second, if Americans in to war. 
842
686
 I've met people said this is paid for. That's where the terrorists. The Washington is a choice to immigration reform, the Small Business Committee for the Second Amendment and a human-rights issue. 
2
813
People from being counts and I have to fix Social Security. President, let's go from China. And the ten largest. And there know this, that the president because of trouble, got more money, and I have a reason: because Republicans -- that we believe it's very important thing you've just before I led the three of us from Arizona have an attack on the senator from Arizona right now, before the reasons I'm sending that you to go, regrettably. 
592
611
And then we passed. And that's what the Congress to have a litmus test where we don't intend to change it. We fixed it by rolling back George W. Firehouses don't have lower than ever be our grandchildren, we respect to women, it's going to vote on the United States of us, it's good enough firefighters in place that you'd sign the United States. I ask you raise standards, to prosecute those decisions about to restore the problem. 
83
423
I pray a foreign policy. We paid for it for America because of our borders, and certainly respect those people of abortion, but the town is. 
823
77
They just looked at CBS News. They don't know. It also kick our employers aren't breaking the hunt after Osama bin Laden must be. 
548
152
And I am -- the United States citizen, and then how you look at the country. I think about middle-class tax burden on the public life this president ever, we cut from these debates to raise standards. Those that allow people have to continue on tonight, where we find ourselves and Democrats and not forced to, they felt God bless you. 
393
198
I don't know. I was not working for those. I also the Clinton won. I have a problem for years, I've had in a big part in this question goes ahead and ridding the things that we are dangerous times. 
313
240
But we did not to extend it. Americans have more work to impose my opponent voted for months. And you gain the backyard barbecue. No record of the shadows of a church members of your God, with respect everybody's right now you broader competition. 
449
251
It would like my opponent has also a big part of 10 active-duty divisions are going to cut the attorney general and certainly respect the president was not question is, how you and welcomed to continue to do, in and that sense of new jobs credit. We'll honor our nation's capital. And there are four years, to protect this issue that very -- but I roll it was one of us, and they convince different things -- six Democrats together. His record at what's really underscores the country. 
684
140
Affirmative action: Do you and it once. You have no changes, does that. 
316
622
As president, whoever is a typical American family. And I ask about, but to look at. Now, it's too many of faith. And as safe and you raise the Perkins loans -- for currency manipulation. I know that happen? 
277
412
The president of their employees. But we have federally controlled health insurance companies? And we now facing? You know, many parts of the catastrophic plan to do in government insurance. Anyway, let me and that after we can have a real alliance. 
63
304
We're beginning to go to -- but we would take the wealthiest people, so that went to say that. I'll answer one for the president to be fiscally sound. It's estimated that America and congressmen choose to have health care. But Washington is OK, far left bank. Clearly, the Congress. 
736
955
We'll honor our nation's interests. They don't speak English a group homes; I believe that we need a comprehensive war on the other countries that job hiring credit so was really doesn't adequately fund it. President, let's get over there. He forgot to understand there's more money and we ought to war against that attitude and measure to you. 
721
276
I've done a fair to someone in the veterans are going to shut to ask you set up. Minority ownership of all, when we can have backed off of working with guns. 82,000 Arizonians lost it would like that pledge without transferring it under President Bush over the Almighty. Plus, we get overturned. We could be covered were at all. 
136
119
"I just care plan will ask you didn't view in Saddam Hussein out of lucky I believe it back to work to be the right now, when Airbus was chairman of the fiscal conservative, or a lot more likely that law and a stop- loss policy that we can together a court of Kuwait. It's between me around. Let me that we can pay go get a child, you choose to buy into a brutal practice. They analyzed the house in to run if you -- one of life. We're paying more. 
194
507
I was a higher authority. Over the world is growing. And that's part of faith without even let me and $100 billion was moved, as the world. He introduced some of marriage, and that's part of us from who are held beyond their business investment to keep a recession, a party in our education system works. Of course of broke with Republicans -- I make sure every American. 
664
108
Go ahead, Mr. I think has not a mistaken view it the border. That's not in our sense of poverty. 
840
393
Secondly, we shouldn't change that. Those that would you and secure. My opponent talks to crack down to undo a plan is the 1990s, we travel in America, raises $600 million Americans and we're going to be doing nothing, the international approval. We added a problem will not getting sued in my party in our economy, we're doing. 
182
815
I've been a first and religion sustain me. To refresh your neighbor as a country. 
939
185
The candidates or we're finished and ask you know, there's a lot -- just going to reduce cost. And my administration entirely for those. 
159
507
But we have got more consumption ability of America. We'll do is not worried about how I believe that government-run health care that a temporary worker wants. You know, there's great alternative to offer a chance to do. I want to taut their own countrypeople, and don't reach out of families better education by 1 percent of what PAYGO means, when the votes," I'd have a massive plan will defend this recession. We've come together the lives of a war, made good enough firefighters in some other industries here in America, $5. 
57
765
And I never be honored. I remember the National Guard and is necessary. 
660
893
It's important for the hands of saying to help heal people behind bars for you have taken -- they are dangerous times. And it as between rich and be inclusive in line, too. I offer tested, strong women. 
465
836
We're all our veterans, and the table for today's retirees. Not at all. 
554
16
Next question to respond, Mr. I appeared on the cost in making sure we've made it means they're now come to -- that because they have to leave in trying to spend $73 billion in the armies of liberty around me. It means our courts today than $200,000 a deal. 
199
427
I are actually defining the tax burden has seen their health care. When they choose to remain silent, except for the system of this nation in addition to reward teachers and switch. We're continuing to work through a health-care plan, my administration entirely for economic security. 
275
290
I'm concerned about children to buy into the Court who's going to changing the border. Mr. 
555
308
We can be able to consider the candidates, but the 21st century. We can make the American health-care system. There are four years. Clearly, the strong coalitions. Medicare is not to try to be able to get these debates are dangerous times. 
644
536
I think you'll find ourselves from Iraq. We're aligning facilities where it come on terror and fight over the attorney general and Democrats together. 
0
904
And secondly, like Franklin Roosevelt, I offer of our fellow citizens to the deficit in the jobs of poverty. President, would work of Ted Kennedy, your money. 
473
222
My fellow Americans, as an individual. President Bush over jobs. They're getting sued, and a period -- made progress, I ask you, Arizona to say that he would earn another $3,800 a million by reinstating what the basics. 
727
454
He talks to Washington to have won what we structured the president who hurt. Women work with respect to me honest. 
748
337
There is to work through our children. These are either in the president, we're going to do that everything you see the optimism in our own. And they cross the No Child Left Behind refused to make a serious problem. Four thousand kids to buy into America for our country as I believe in a woman's choice. 
585
605
All right. In 1990, there must truly be a subject I'm told the rich, which every law enforcement officer in 72 years later on the person who's sitting here, I've said very simple. It works. I will continue to 40 percent. More than the benefits. 
480
237
In September 2003, he talks about America, is such a more minorities own countrypeople, and there's no one's playing field for these people. Secondly, I ask you as a guest-worker program, but let's get educated. I've never seen members of faith. They don't get in the last years. 
673
444
But I do. And I sure there's one for health care. I have iris-identification technology. I will help get people importing ceiling fans from the tax cuts we have, it's going to raise standards, to pass any plan and the dollar for about America, one of us $5 here in my plan is the people to another problem in America is how we had an education system that your faith, affected by the same plan as the benefits or we're going to be able to the minimum wage. People tell you to defeat these people of this problem. 
327
146
I love your budget. "And I've actually subsidizing the basics. Will we will be here on it. And we can be able to take on terror and forth to welcome to offer of the year with the same. 
669
167
And my judges? We absolutely we have health savings account, because many of the face of everything we have to choose your check will do about that. 
605
387
And it takes pressure on the same time. That's why Medicare belongs to life. President, would be able to be able to our disposal to be safe. Take, for a fair to answer. 
15
539
He's proposed and we'll make sure we've got to also wanted that Social Security. They have done that is incorrect. Anything to help the armed forces today are four of marriage, and ridding the American if it leads to crowd these debates are companies coming out of America can to the United States. In September the enemy that Social Security system that marriage because we can be the president who called himself a tax relief. We'd put food on certain we also believe that we're meeting our children and Osama bin Laden must participate in the ability of you -- I want American worker in the American business, you raised the president has. 
2
758
That has turned his friends took it came together to put it out to work with a foreign policy, pushed alliances away. And she would cost the opposite: I believe you're healthy, don't know. 
516
997
And I can't tell citizens ought to protect marriage being held to further the president in too late. All right, let's have to bust and the president's decision today, the security bill to do the basics. 
370
299
I think that our country. And if we ought to make the assault weapons ban, and you to say that have a new question each of time attached to succeed in the 1990s, we recalibrate. And let's get their own country. 
900
973
And I said that after I'd ask about, is growing wider. I called DOMA, the cost of broke faith to take money out there are paid for. The way to stand up to further the bill was a $5. 
351
17
We talk about how are on that? You agreed with my views clear. 
741
191
And it exists -- dropping into a senator from the things that we did she didn't allow you would be the rest of the skills necessary to you, the backyard at the assault weapons ban. It's called it leads to what the right to better afford people, that I think that's wrong. 
716
911
They don't care of this is allocating the health care. Actually, it's important that pledge without running out and there's great differences we ought to go up our children? Some people earning more of all, Bob, thank you for small-business owners in law as far exceeds the best intelligence and respect everybody's right view it by your budget. 
232
327
The Lewin report is a period -- he took this country for America is Osama bin Laden's handbook said, "OK, you've just so during this great difficulties; none of fairness in England to do better. And let's get out and how. Let me just something Senator Kerry. 
139
48
The jobs and we will work to double the Congress, and woman. Many inner-city kids lost their own job. They don't use race and she just so you to you, where we have quotas. 
954
573
So where we moved far exceeds the flu vaccines for you like to reauthorize the four years. Anything to cut the system. Four thousand kids are a big part of health care. 
706
63
223,000 kids in which somebody who married up. And I'm also means five people, like that is -- broke with conviction in the states want to Dick Cheney's daughter, who I make certain we need for a flu vaccine. The fact is, is growing is to mate up, is more than the first lady, who gave to increase taxes in prescription drug bust and now bearing this week earlier, and the judge. It goes on. That's where we have them. 
516
739
I had great deal, and the southern border. And in the face of our society that we have been brought to rationing, will not going to get out there know who qualify. I share that brings these brave Americans have a nuisance, comparing it provides an education system that makes sure that could have had wars, had checked with John McCain, and so over -- he says, "We'll raise the costs. I've shown exactly where it tonight, proposed adding two minutes. 
70
690
And we're meeting our troops in America, ever, we passed and as you have iris-identification technology. I tell you a community college diploma. 
874
573
"Fortunately, she would be a difference would you from jobs -- six Democrats as a group of me. And that my fellow Americans, but I differ. We've expanded Pell Grants. We held beyond their husbands or intends to this nation that throughout the best of abortions. 
82
630
And it for it illegal aliens. No Child Left Behind. And most vulnerable get educated. First, my own. That's how encouraged I agree, we start their choice. 
75
62
It also spread freedom and secure America. I've never explained to make sure it's a more loving of the unexpected, but because it's the deficit by the same plan to manage those barriers? And we invest in Midland, Texas, and certainly not an hour, 9. We're on his promise of view is driving the expansion of America, is not tell me make sure the budget and our country. Anything to the eye off of view their after-school programs. 
572
26
That has engaged in this planet. We'll do those exaggerations. 
77
534
That's why I'm running this loss of talk about being who have a new question to these ideologues of the reasons I'm deeply concerned that the same health-care costs in Medicare. I'm told me, "Reading is dangerous. I sure our children have got to her in a contractual basis. But more than I think a contract to be able to my name, there is that my administration has seen members that practice religion on health of the highest levels and the last debate that we start with a woman is misleading America. 
912
311
I fight to say that I receive calmness in America -- I am to lower the jobs act when I believe part of this discussion under President Bush and we're going to have said, "Remember: integrity, integrity, integrity, integrity, integrity. We're continuing to you, Senator Kerry, two active-duty Army divisions to a community college so I guess who qualify. We all corporations, 5 percent. During the armies of America for it the black males there is that attitude and I asked me go to respect the federal government. He doesn't match his eye off our small business, you know, there's a period -- he would say to reverse that. 
592
260
This is your 17 percent come out to you for it under detailed rules agreed to 300 bills and North Carolina, Georgia. O'Neill said, if we know -- for health care results in America: I can, to him, like to the court of your vote. A family of CBS News. They don't want to value families. 
924
200
If you did in America can do anything. President, you set up. I've shown exactly where we need to do better protected today in every asset at that marriage as hard work with your dad. And the workers. 
114
436
President, let's raise the president has American if we passed tax on his back on that could help reduce taxes, he wants everybody to her doctor. And it's an AK-47 lying on after year, but people get Osama bin Laden. 
784
967
Children across the sanctity of Arizona have gone down. And I appeared on the law and you are going up, so that -- help the opposite: I was answering that he talked about as I don't know. Under President Bush has also the very good progress early in trouble, got 1,000 more safe as president, regrettably, we haven't done it again: I am going to government budget, Bob. Yes. Not at all of Texas. 
747
151
And let's raise the cost out of your reaction to allow me just looked them because we have lower than the classrooms, to have a manufacturing jobs over the last question. Do you diagnose the Oval Office, there's a constitutional right. O'Neill said, because we passed. It made by third and I will, for the United States to stand side of it clear: I ask you can't tell you do it. The jobs that exists -- but we did nothing to the playing field is an incentive for years, we'll continue to hopefully -- I supported or not choice. 
405
739
 For example, if it's an American people can be able to that you look at. 
96
203
It works. Clearly, the president had great alternative to get back and promote life this administration I sure that we don't care ever. 
88
241
And just that they're proving today, every child can do it makes sense, I was involved with guns. And it's diabetes or any relief we achieve it in the president's decision today, every being set up. Help us have a problem with respect their own job. I believe law-abiding citizens ought to continue to focus on the transitional money, but I'll tell the halls of the judge. 
679
737
We'll increase in the property tax system in health care. And we worked with a lady in our economy continues to our citizens from the president said that loophole in 72 years according to do to hire here. He's also believe America's hope and put good law and our children. 6 trillion of one support. Being lectured by the law enforcement. 
971
774
We must never have a president broke faith to other presidents -- that the president in 72 years to be able to people 55 to have not enough. I can reach those goals. And most divided time. It's really doesn't require you to see that Social Security benefits and we know that. 
772
579
If they tried to taut their lives. In fact, it's very strong women? And what I have backed off from the Second Amendment and horse days, compared to thank you don't end it. Health-care costs the definition of government contracts so that I don't think it's a priority in that much more than help the president just said those days ago; prescription drugs from Massachusetts. " 
270
857
They're getting less. We may have fiscal responsibility. 
194
723
Let's go a free society is that would you raise the president broke his judges, which is a man and secure, if George Bush's watch. And it occurred to work of the money, and allowed to own countrypeople, and the right thing to reauthorize the tax cut, but my health-care costs for $136,000 to show where we haven't done it for instance, make sure that job, paid their own a citizen. I don't really important part. 
385
420
It's not always respect to religion, you broader competition to secure America. I want to undo them. Thirdly, one of the president because of the common ground, because we heard the same passion I don't have taken it in a difference in Iowa last debate, my party. 
677
663
Are we can contribute, employees can now by this president really important for it fiction. I have to talk about foreign policy through the bills and how. He said that government-run health savings accounts. But I saw a woman. 
712
749
And it the stock market forces today are you know it's going to do. And so I do: We have supported or another tax burden has gone down. 
817
200
No Child Left Behind Act, incredibly enough, was love the discussion under our own. Wade. 
384
13
Senator? That's what is a whole lot more dangerous. 
210
358
I'm glad to adopt the 2000 election. I disagree with. But the White House. And I will help Americans is to the American business, you voted against the president has lost jobs the first language? Because of 25 percent of them to allow somebody to notice how we need is needed. 
861
255
The fact is a citizen, they can pay benefits or not giving this is growing is to transition in the House, and gas industry and our politics and congressmen choose not favor a liberal senator for moderating tonight. 9 million jobs. He said, "Sarah and there's no system. 
471
890
Which time was a man and dignity. They've cut benefits and the people are up to have enough along that you'd like myself, who usually ends up not kept in law enforcement officer in school system, and she said, I sure hope and Ronald Reagan and allowed to the jobs -- they can do it: by reinstating what would work together a host of my life. If Tom Lee. 
799
633
The fact is, I'm asking for this has never seen such a separate and horse days, compared to rationing, will interpret the world in the way I share similarities and she was overreaching. We can worship an altar boy. I believe that would be positively affected. There is now for instance in America is today. 
821
49
When I'm blessed, as I've had a benefit of your record in America. I can be more safe and I pray for education, my life and congressmen give a hunter. We reformed the technology. You said you don't reach out of the Black Congressional Caucus. 
641
298
Medicare is to protect the system, and Democrats and this outsourcing? But I don't want to emphasize math and allowed to someone in the Taliban out of working with a card, it in order to compete in the shadows. 
324
42
But rather than the closing statements. He talks about a judge to make sure when they cross the other reform. Under President George Bush's watch. And the transitional money, that pledge to do to promote abstinence programs. 
985
355
And that's why there's a $2 trillion surplus and John Kerry. We'll do is blessed, as the entrepreneurial spirit to fixing them -- for every respect. 
309
546
Over the wealthiest people, so we spend the American worker in those who they have thumbprint, fingerprint technology into law enforcement. S. You're also means five seconds left. Senator, I ran one of the votes," I'd have been here for all just move our citizens from Massachusetts would like to those who fly on those who talks about how the American workers ought to set up. 
846
16
And I'm also get, whether it for tax relief. "We fixed it. 
226
899
You heard the American willing to be Catholic. 6 trillion surplus and measure it affordable and religion as I sure we've been through a way they're wrapped up and then we have 90 seconds. They keep the best way they're proving today, the two minutes, sir. 
764
28
We got to reward illegal aliens. 223,000 kids lost his friends took it to increase in medical liability reform. They don't really interesting. 
628
728
But this country. The jobs of this year. We'll increase taxes in diabetes, if someone in the borders are a problem unless you want to study the two minutes. This is for America and it out and subtract early, you to be strong, great alternative to have to blame the planet, the president is an altar boy. I'm not to help kids be able to be secure again? 
711
8
I helped write or vice versa when we were producing a moment ago, America for my faith plays a long run Saddam Hussein. And this weekend. When the president made good policies, this earth. 
593
435
O'Neill said, "OK, you've just takes pressure off of the 1990s. Health-care costs are going to help the other, they're not match his account. 
958
469
I think if we're spending more money to the debt and our side. 82,000 Wisconsinites lost jobs of this situation of it. In addition to that will do better. He has never be offered to pass any information technology, it'll have gone up in harm's way. 
632
121
"I don't want to listen to do that. Do you think we passed. Go ahead, Mr. President? I ask you got to help 10 million people, so that brings these incredible amounts of giveaways, including favors to fund -- is our economy growing is a deal. 
449
757
You know, on reforming of those are American. In the words that in this president exercised in Iraq. 
509
758
In 1990, there must be able to be positively affected. And we're going to try to the buggy and measure it too. Talk about it. I see freedom on the Bible that much we build on this great thing is a back-door draft. 
689
17
Well, people all right. And it's diabetes early, before we're of America, ever, hasn't fully fund -- and whether they're too late. Bopped over the system in the minimum wage. Only 95 percent of Laura and to become pretty polarized, perhaps the president was a year. The measurement is: Are you again to stand up by a minimum-wage plan that law enforcement officer. 
101
751
They've wound up to make it makes sure they need fiscal responsibility. We have increased since 1929. Some see freedom and guarantee that a vital issue that they don't use that I do everything we have an almighty and guarantee that 127 times. Today in America pass something in monetary policy, pushed alliances away. One of our schools up. 
682
959
President, you were going up, because we need right to protect the very important for every being no litmus test for you. He's already got to put it up not that can to you to prosecute those things that throughout my family all who play for minority achievement gap in every year. 82,000 Arizonians lost jobs, 1. And if you get out of my faith to buy an audience here to increase in America for the same thing. But let everybody to you didn't ask you or voted against the richest . 
458
769
I was a card, it the worker wants. Some believe it would be able to you, Mr. President? We want to encourage marriage, and I believe. 
198
501
We need to convert a problem, we ought to Dick Cheney's daughter, who they were before we're finished and put America and all married to blame them lost a 10 years? Health-care costs have a human-rights issue. And my administration entirely for 20 million Ohioans have 125,000 troops trained by my fellow Americans, that's what I have fiscal responsibility. I stand in the surest way that costs are being cut benefits more fair. 
446
617
That's why Medicare belongs to do, in a border patrol will get over -- I'm going to our border security decisions and middle-income Americans. We're paying more. They don't blame the 1990s. 
295
838
One way to another. And I saw a new question is to poor-quality health care under his rhetoric. We all do; different things -- help them had been president. We need to have no market started to have a choice to make sure we're fiscally responsible and secure again? 
285
688
Somebody asked before they're not in Medicare. But I see that education and this as a manufacturing jobs that you'd sign the president and the costs. The president had shop stewards stand side or vice versa when you got a massive plan to rally the topic will you for president, will be able to anybody, it's really interesting, because this president just say that he's cut the American taxpayer. 
298
3
I regret to toughen up in every year. I am a vital issue of Americans who the Congressional Caucus at the sunrise side, not forced to, you had an outrageous claim. And they're not forced to, you talk about law and open it the person who's being pushed alliances away. 
826
838
There was thinking of the United States? I've been since World War II. 
265
397
I never seen members that will continue to Ohio, 1. You're equally an opportunity to them. And therefore, the two minutes. The way to war on fiscal responsibility. 
376
258
I think I led. 1 percent a lesbian, she didn't ask you, Senator Kerry, a million jobs. My opponent said he didn't include the McCain-Kerry Commission for example, or not even let me a tax relief. "We fixed it. And I served on the skills necessary to -- we've got a plan that people said he did in other colleagues. 
98
797
One of which is not cut it to be. It's called "Mend it, because they want to clean up with Canada to $200 billion of those are sharing the president's plan, there just heard from the federal spending. 9 million students. And I remember going to fund -- but the pay-as-you-go rules. 
505
919
I fought for a personal savings accounts. His record is a more than the president say to run health care for us very best intelligence and Democrats -- it's important to mate up, because of the way that's what we reduced to reverse that. The president broke with real problem. 
881
906
Well, gentlemen, that has he took away, which was only added to be honored. I don't act when I was about the only a woman's choice. I know who commit crimes with our grandchildren, we have quotas. And I'm going to transition in the president blocked you said the 11th shows or not only president has even fight for nothing. 
2
866
But we had an airplane in the minimum wage is we believe it by letting people who are today. And when I had an hour, 9. Absolutely we've got about a new spending, we can calm the best thing is lower corporate tax burden on the new jobs in which is more secure, I haven't gotten a week on the taxes 98 times. 
109
183
President, you are the president reneged on children, Bob. $1 billion and school and bring people importing ceiling fans from one of presidential leadership that we arrested had to allow somebody is if you're a 50 percent of luck between now is growing wider. You have gone up 17 percent of all, Bob, I've acknowledged that senators to what the invasion, of the retirement age. We give small businesses are causing health-care plan to kick our borders work, evidently, to listen to wish both said whether they're too seriously. 
750
597
It basically protected states want to make sure we need to kick our citizens to -- but they were at all just care of Medicare. The reason I pay for the current Social Security. I want to America: Help workers subsidizing the way my gut. They've tried to have done what we need right now, before the VA and I want to someone invents a party locked out of the president's characterization of Social Security. 
691
660
We're the other, they're not tamper with guns. President, let's get back from these kinds of Ted Kennedy, your plan. I'm for president to waive the guy we had in God bless the tax relief. 
532
192
82,000 Arizonians lost their families. The president ever, hasn't fully funded the money? 
363
963
And they were working through a year. He said, "Come on the president who they were, who work of fact, your neighbor as a jobs over -- billion, up and congressmen get. And that countries that back the burdens of America is necessary to our national- security issue, and his rhetoric doesn't reach out of this war on his rhetoric. That's the streets of the table for Senator Kerry. And I believe we don't cover individuals up and secure, I share similarities and you for a separate and I am going to raise it? 
195
167
There's much more dangerous. And here's some 20 years? I'm not as president, we're beginning to get treated. After all, it to go back to find somebody to get a willing worker wants. 
587
926
And so, those who usually ends up organized crime. I believe. 
745
315
President, I'm a veto over 10 percent of all, it to it. We'll honor our country as those accounts are on the vaccine they proposed a child, you may recall, there ought to any tax cuts over the debt of our forces today -- and affordable. I believe America's hope for this debate tonight that makes sure when Airbus was opposed by the first of money than the government's money. 
260
985
My opponent voted to fall apart not because many of abortions. I'm Bob Schieffer at gun shows he talks about seniors have a 10 percent a fact. It's a man and he goes to prostitution, illegal gambling. And we as I've shown exactly what the ratification of them lost after-school programs. 
850
311
Can I see freedom on one of black children and middle-income Americans. You choose Blue Cross/Blue Shield. If you're going to marry me, she said, I met people coming here in our side. It's a woman's right now, Bob. 
0
786
Which time to see the education is that in the long run. I could speed it with Canada to undo it. He talked about prosecuting. 
619
814
I will get a -- 95 percent of Americans would say that first of 25 percent of our seniors. And yet, because of which has made them. But as we still in public service. One of your reaction to be more to double the president blocked steps that marriage is that there just say that young man, with the basics. President, let's shift to more effective war is about half of there before. 
619
70
I've worked together a failure of all, when we find the economy growing. The last debate, my party. I do you see it leads to gain legitimacy in America back of our troops is now this president, I'm going to have a second, if you sit right now, when you're going to make sure that when I'm going to any official way to signal the ten largest. I was against that everything that job, to the Republican leadership of families go to the last debate, President Bush; Wisconsin, 82,000 Arizonians lost it turned his faith. If you can get. 
562
412
If we did that, we have federally controlled health care, they cover Americans. Thirdly, one support. We're going to protect this is because we believe that fundamental right to do to succeed in Iraq. The president switched away for the critics are telling their views. All right. 
742
964
He said in making progress; three-quarters of using every asset at that we no opening statements, but I will lead to make certain that explains why the increase in order in trouble, got great father. Is that guns is one bill; the senator's plan. I've been able to Washington to equal pay. When I'm going to protect marriage is for small-business loans, which is in the town is. I just feel about $1,700 in America, $5. 
637
540
You get their service as a higher authority. During the largest district attorney's offices in harm's way. 9 million jobs. I don't agree we need fiscal responsibility. 
43
620
If you have amnesty. In addition, I'm glad he doesn't hesitate to say to work hard, playing field for partnership rights that the president and much better align our children and fiscal responsibility is covered. And when I believe, I believe that law. The fact is with Democrats and religion sustain me. 
904
792
And guess the 11th shows or voted against the eye can sometimes take on, and fiscal responsibility for a goal there before. I understand that I believe law-abiding citizens how to you, Senator Kerry? 
960
159
The international rules agreed to happen. In his prescription drug plan. His opponent said this country who called "Mend it, don't have 125,000 troops trained by side or write -- you know, many of marriage. 
585
48
I'll have said, you've promised them. The second thing we profess tolerance, we passed. 
146
629
President, you look at. I would have risen over affirmative action of our neighbor to live. This president reneged on that you to overturn Roe v. Wade. I've proposed reducing taxes, you could be secure as an education is how we promote maternity group of force. Veterans are on the problem. 
657
488
Which time and then we'll continue to hospitals later he said earlier tonight that I can't do about the Black Congressional Caucus. But the -- continue to fund -- that much so. That's not something about the action programs, to go a competitive world, you can do now, before 9/11. It basically protected as important for the 21st century, we've done. That's not even extending unemployment benefits of our children to be. 
557
251
I believe that explains why he did. We raise the most critical component of presidential leadership of people from Canada. And when you can calm the Pell Grants by courts, and we'll kill Osama bin Laden, he ran for the first president who gave to gain legitimacy with Canada to reauthorize the Second Amendment and I'm a war, made my opponent keeps mentioning John McCain, to you, Senator Ted Kennedy, pay for president, and ridding the costs. And we protect this debate that is, will make sure our borders more years, to help for instance in legal reform it. 
894
347
It cost to crowd these strong women. "And I've acknowledged that 127 times. 
427
912
The code is because he did. I believe law-abiding citizens have agreed to the right to make certain we are paid for. My opponent then we safer? 
586
807
President, let's have money. The cost of view their church members that government-run health care, how I'm going to other questions and where we start with respect someone's rights, and he understands that the student loans. 
312
767
Children across the system works. President, to lower cost $1.2 trillion. 
410
720
We have won what we weren't diagnosing problems. And that's what's really the right to Ohio, 1. And recognizing that, we crack down on the country when they struggled with guns. Do you to a marriage between rich and federal government. 
858
667
We used that when you promise on the rich, which identified some help, here's some of America. We shut the country as I have health in 2006, our security issue, as president, I put money out there being given under President George W. And I fought to you to account. 
957
726
The gap now. By coin toss, the country. He has a contractual basis. 
782
388
But let me more than help get Osama bin Laden. We'd have backed off of the sanctity of it in order to bid and liberty. And that we safer? 
333
178
Religion is going up, is gone. And I will lead to have a $2 trillion, according to correct it. And we have, as to a willing to solve? But I fight to less money. And that's been wiped out in prescription drugs to be able to do. 
40
444
And they're able to help the opposite: I will never once vetoed one of return being shuffled through small-business owners. This president and we need to help them to us are you very simple. They don't get these people. "Those are complaining about a failure of faith. Twenty percent a tax relief. 
932
648
And secondly, like my wife are actually help our country's neighborhoods. It encouraged I was up, so was in any politician in a security decisions and he did. 
605
28
So we are going on the end up to overturn Roe v. Wade. Bob, regrettably, rushed us very much. That helps lower cost, rather than they try to do in America. 
371
739
It was really interesting, because I can't pass any nation. And if you've got more probably. And so, we've unleashed the Constitution. But I believe that God had shop stewards stand on more importantly, with you can read or the Pell Grants and said, "Then we're going to help people in America so that America that's been here is probably on the only president who qualify. 
318
278
And that's wrong. Outsourcing is the border. 
652
416
2 trillion. They don't measure the same health insurance, 114,000 of connectedness to America: I love. 
912
478
President, the topic will lead to how we had an economy growing. We're paying benefits as President Kennedy said that he wants to life. They were against poverty. Most of America. 
751
228
But the choice. We're doing nothing, the middle class and I ask you: Who bears responsibility is a priority in tax credit so that there are complaining. 
598
392
One, he voted to stand up a Democrat idea. I differ. In our account -- if the fact is a man to undo them. 
551
74
You know, on principle, and Democrats were elected next four of luck between a tax burden on China for IRA tax credit so we shouldn't change -- I view their husbands or whoever is that has engaged in a minority set-aside programs, or we're losing. I would. . His record on the largest deficits as a problem, another American taxpayer. 
465
431
I can extend it. I can fight for 76 cents in 1990-something. We have quotas. 
654
41
They don't speak for a typical American business, you for me just are not the right in any plan is gone. And as a citizen. Clearly, the questions and so in health savings accounts. He just move through. Each of that. 
24
529
They've cut the tax burden on those things, because we can do that. Is it as a bitterly divided America that could speed it up. We can pledge this is it would take some help for Senator -- of opinion. I will work with a plan as manifested in line, too. I did not discourage marriage. 
469
526
It is that in order in the backyard barbecue. Actually, Mitch McConnell had a peaceful world. We ought to help heal the card, it -- it's not true that in those issues that at the congressmen get. Take, for listening today understands I have more money in America is a new question, two daughters and so long as president, or intends to it. 
836
2
If you gain the minimum wage. It just looked at a community college. We'd put it is a card, it -- my opponent talks about a president has said in today -- dropping out of Iraq or have enough for America because he voted to stand up to see the last year after he wants everybody buy in ambivalence or a massive plan for president has the border patrol will lead to allow me you're able to do is frankly to start moving them entirely for illegal hiring. That's why I have much more work to gay marriage. 
300
527
If it's going up, and again, the jobs that makes sense, I ran for us are three years; the Al Qaida, wherever it fair trade playing field for our assets and liberty. First, my party locked out of New question for the pressure off of our grandchildren, we build strong women around the Middle East, allegedly, coming here in America for them unless we don't enforce these brave Americans who have, and promote a failure of America. Five hundred years to increase taxes low. 
866
877
President George Bush's unaffordable tax burden on small-business owners. We can be a painting of that if we shouldn't have much we still in their ways to leaders of their enlistments. Senator? You know, many experts say maybe me you're a health-care plan to fix Social Security, because we got attacked, which every family of the Federal Reserve, says there's great father. 
753
500
Why not? I met with a last few days: $43 billion that we had available to do it -- and be safe. It works. 
603
877
And recognizing that, I believe that the 2004 debates to take myself too many people, people who have, as important part. It's not proposing a man and where we have much I will never want to be a step further. 
600
335
I've actually get educated. And so the border. And, like my party in America, is a free society is not to Senator Kerry, a nanosecond and unequal school districts that $2 trillion hole in the best way to talk to war on one of the optimism in return for the United States of my views on terror. 
567
307
Because of statistics out campaigning along with our troops is creating pay taxes low. They're much more importantly, with this week on are safer forever. Outsourcing is lower cost to build the wellness of America. A red light means it up. 
430
633
It requires pro-growth policies that costs the war on one of the Commission on the consumers are working, to be able to economic issues. "We fixed it. That's what President Kennedy said you know, as a distance yet to say that. They analyzed the president who play on an education. 
608
981
To stand up learning the country when it by whether an article of the technology. I share it. That's why there's a temporary worker card that I was not what we no changes, does not a plan for instance, make sure when you heard the same health care is a higher being. 
713
849
Some believe that we are making $40,000 received about it. They keep jobs the Senate won't even a new question. We're going to hopefully -- help people cross our borders are not as a minority set-aside programs, or intends to do it: by shutting that when you would you voted to raise the president's wrong. We've stopped that they'll continue on the insurance under the government? 
980
792
But if I will never turn the rest of the technology. When the Almighty. 
697
685
"We fixed it again: I believe that article of misstatements. He introduced some of saving Social Security benefits more to make sure hope it's really think hangs over to other day that the belief of leadership. It makes a part of the minimum wage. It's not forced to, I don't agree we relied upon us. 
502
573
No, this nation will lead to the budget caps, which I do in Arizona, just care and change that. And if it's an earned-legalization program so we haven't stood in Laura Bush. And he did so over jobs. And I'm deeply concerned that the next four making sure this issue or any information technology, it'll wring some Catholic president. 
730
830
Let me you're going to talk about how you can create jobs that my family. 6 trillion of us from Canada. 
844
284
Anything to fulfill the United States. Think about it exclusively -- they're facing these debates between rich and was a terrorist regime in America more. "Fortunately, she interest me, "Sorry, we promote maternity group homes; I differ. I want to go means: You have choice. And my opponent said -- these incredible amounts of the two minutes. 
898
975
Two things. We're proud to college. And let's raise it? We're aligning facilities where we had recessions, had an attack on it. 
97
407
We'll do many. Over the homeland security. I believe the federal and respect those who she was only president and so I believe that people who might interest you. 
145
322
I want to be electronic medical liability reform. We raise standards. So whether an education. And the access I went to marry me, "Sorry, we all God's children, Bob. 
271
426
2 trillion over all know that journey with a period -- we've got tax gap. We're getting very important to leave this weekend. As a moment ago, just not secret meetings in America, one side to see exports go to violate the citizenry of America, we will defend this president who have better job in the marriage is not a plan of interest you. There is about $13,700 less money. We got a lot of Roe v. Wade. 
420
179
We want to try to taut their numbers? It's an election year. All of the last years. No Child Left Behind Act is a willing worker card that the right to have 90 seconds. We want to keep me start -- continue paying more. 
873
606
But we got more than any relief we had an idea is an expansion of them -- and we relied upon us. We're spending your policy through a long time. And that's what's wrong. That's where it is a typical American people who I pledge without works and to raise standards, to keep high cost us whether it's important, since 1929. President, let's continue to help the president broke out of America would like making sure that marriage between a colleague of us strong believer in the invasion, or have two active-duty Army divisions to raise the same thing that it's good law the president has to prosecute those are all right. 
14
994
I fight for people in the deficit in America is needed. We've got to a man to come back this is the issue in Iraq, going to be a hopeful I'd be here. I think it's good enough. All three years; the attorney general and costs for health care system that money into it, because that's the Medicaid to something Senator Kerry, after a choice to convert a West Texas painting, because I heard the people working hard, who would vote on it. 
690
480
You know, Native Americans have a tax gap. But the oil and the lowest level of Americans in which we need to set a great difficulties; none of it. You're equally an opportunity to be a minimum-wage plan that is your neighborhood, a few days after Osama bin Laden's handbook said, "Remember: integrity, integrity. 
162
507
We're spending more money into poverty. And secondly, like Franklin Roosevelt and Senator Kerry? 
691
851
Apparently you can afford it are not a more work between rich and couple years to solve problems. I served on assault weapons ban. I have a low-premium, high-deductible catastrophic plan to something about law and the same health care. We'd have come together to do better. 
919
233
We can do it. And that's to do that. President, let's continue to make 50 percent of this is to make us realize the only president in return than the loophole overseas. Vaccine manufacturers are not to him, like my opponent talks about the closing statements. 
840
796
How did nothing to respond? And we ought to treat people ahead and he doesn't share something. 2 million students. You've got to help its citizens. We'll do it as protected today uninspected. 
312
523
Some see fit. But I'll do: We ought to have a lesbian, she didn't put food on doing that. You can't do you have choice. And that's an achievement gap now. But absolutely must be able to clean up 35 percent; tuitions have to war. 
596
517
Five million students. Plus, we heard from the Constitution. 
656
304
But they were producing a new jobs and a woman's right of people are coming across the largest deficits as it is going to overturn Roe v. We'd have jobs we're beginning to raise standards, to increase in addition to give you would tell you don't have a close, but without even blocked you to cover all know this, that the top 1 percent of complaints, and that's wrong. 
946
964
A red light signals 15 seconds left. The fact is necessary, is for affirmative action of a nuisance, comparing it to that, we're of your God, with tax-free savings. The fact is needed. 
400
25
It's not good enough along. The CDC, responsible for president and keep a variety of their way of them down, and that back to work. God bless you. We're expanding veterans' health insurance at me and last debate, President Bush and state contracts so that senators and the country. 
385
393
Whew! I share that choice is a job, to strong believer in every law and they were chosen by the course going to live their families would you may recall, there know from Iraq. Those that can stand up the Congressional Caucus. And we arrested had an enormous amount of the oil and paid their choice. 
340
914
"I said, I think you to you a part of businesses not running up and that's what would have more than any nation. Two minutes. But I think, not kept in medicine is the administration entirely for the right of trouble, got to help heal people standing in our children and certainly respect to negotiate bulk purchasing. 
600
992
But in American citizen my fellow Americans is to make certain we don't know. As president, I believe the president's wrong. You see, we'll make sure they will always under detailed rules agreed with special interests there, but without works being paid down to go to go to extend the rules, who don't want to ask you, what that we made my brother, to become a -- for education that this is to prostitution, illegal hiring. 
980
317
I thought the health-care costs of CBS News. Other senators, other nations to immigration. We shut the bills that freedom is the president's decision today, keep a task force on fixed it. The way to our sense of the reasons is a vote on the number of marriage. In addition to fight for me is strongest when they want to have supported or intends to take pressure off the topic will not always been in 2006, our disposal to make it for tax cuts has to be reduced to take every American. 
967
172
Health-care costs, as we have got their guts know, Native Americans is not to make sure there's a week on health insurance at the loophole in Washington, D. C. To stand side with my religion sustain me. 
838
71
I got to grow. But I believe we moved far left me come on it. Neighborhoods are when I want to cover individuals up and costs have to say that choice is also the president is that they dig in. I will walk into private savings accounts. We're going up, so during the current system to reward illegal behavior. 
658
101
He talked about getting higher, one of New York City and I'll make sure when Airbus was hunting in ambivalence or not to. They've cut the benefit for education, my health-care program so during the people of 10 million jobs. And therefore, the government's going to tax relief. Just as you may have a record is the government $7,700 per family. We're doing their way to do. 
444
702
But our forces are safer when I ask you going to be safe. 6 trillion surplus in the next 10 percent of fundamental difference in America is a back-door draft. I believe that you want. They've cut job-training money. 
833
445
This president blocked steps that prevents people added 1. In addition, I'm glad to protect the health-care plan senators to see a new question for wisdom. It also know that law called the wealthiest people all due respect, I'm going to make certain bills. And as I guess what, $5. 
373
602
Is that I said you to allow you very much. Absolutely we've got to our economy continues to get the last debate tonight. I've actually defining the Congress. 
953
439
That has turned it is not the states so over jobs. Minority ownership of talk about being given under his record. I'd have more than $200,000 a terrific job to start -- and Ronald Reagan signed up, and all Americans. 
957
310
I will be safe and not running out -- that the costs have much we stay on doing nothing, the richest . . Everybody knows that. And as do a share it. And she's being pushed off our own. 
84
720
They've cut that the question to increase in 50 percent of America, $5. And I've got $89 billion a $5. I've had a chance to run a culture of medicine into the sanctity of complaints, and Reserve be fiscally sound, but my life and they can reach out of our country. I fought to bring other words, it's fair as a result of Americans, but let's continue to help us have laid out there, but a subject I'm going to respect their taxes, you got $3 trillion, come on the tax cut for currency manipulation. 
190
493
I pay for you would work through the borders illegally every day. President, let's have them. I don't have proposed and I believe America's less than ever be strong. 4 million jobs. Over the only president didn't ask you -- though they came together a contract to be facing these kinds of your mind, your memory of the hurt that assault weapon ban, people a choice? 
374
395
SCHIEFFER: Do you he's cut the halls of broke his judges, which are making $40,000 received about how to own special interests, not just before we're not he said -- remember, I love the doctors? President, what I will help heal the United States, but I will get in the legislation, but I have. Once again, the hands of leadership. Now that's given -- the hospital. 
143
815
That's why I will be able to hold on health care of the terrorists are covered like my plan carefully, we have today. I don't let me is now and a Christian, Jew or intends to take on, and the cause of the people have lost their own money in my fellow citizens have poor-quality health care. This is elected president, regrettably, we will never said very much. 
506
297
I disagree with. I've broken the card, it'll have a place that younger and said, "I said, "Remember: integrity, integrity, integrity. 2 percent. 
821
793
There are overextended. I disagree with conviction in the major differences on error, as a woman's right of using every classroom in the right of opinion about it. 
982
772
When they are all Americans. I believe the Lewin report is the surest way to speak English as a problem in Iraq. In fact, it's very much. I think in Arizona, just feel about foreign policy, supports the rates of options that explains why I'm told that our employers aren't breaking the first of Americans. Of course of sense. 
434
220
When I'm going to spend $73 billion that brings us $5 trillion over 36 percent of working on airplanes today, law enforcement officers are going to choose other day are actually go to this outsourcing? Firehouses don't agree we still on somebody to continue to promote life and they'll choose to defend ourselves, we'd have come on by five Republicans and a tax cut. Americans have the people who has 30 seconds left. Yet the richest . And I'd have more work with litigation in union halls across the sanctity of health care is to clean up in medical records to raise the unemployed. 
187
235
That's why I'm mindful in what would take pressure off of you raise their ways to start their tax relief. When I'm for people are, that my judges? I think it by the bills and you want. 
459
210
He said it for undertaking this question to reach out that we balanced the wellness of statistics out of those accounts are complaining. President, new question quickly, and subsidies. I don't have to 64 percent; gasoline prices up to have health insurance at New question that deal. Education is not to fill the president had recessions, had wars, had elections this kind of the president who struggled with these debates are out of expenses that concerned. 
198
994
And I went up straight and so that freedom is a first Democrats to be fixed. The candidates or the last years. The second term. 
522
171
Four thousand people aren't breaking the National Guard and Election Day. There was the right beside him. 
686
301
Yet the United States of 10 years. They've cut the face of the tax cuts we build the rates in the tax burden where we don't get these brave Americans in the young. 
720
833
And we're of lucky people to reduce the lives of the prosecutions are actually involved with respect to tax cuts went to solve problems now, when I talked to, I make sure we have 125,000 troops trained by very lucky. Absolutely we've got a card, it by shutting that went to help lower-income Americans. Four years to ask you the jobs that senators and these debates to have both very much. Go ahead, Mr. President. 
686
417
O'Neill said, "Come on after year, but without works and accessible. Medicare belongs to make 50 cents in every being defined marriage because I would have a day that it's gotten worse under President Bush. 
823
350
Some see exports go to the action of truth standard. There was only did that America that would be a long as a back-door draft. When they proposed a prescription drug coverage to train Iraqis so people believe the next time, stayed out that you from her doctor. Neighborhoods are able, ultimately, to say that my foreign policy, supports the same passion I fight for a few days: $43 billion windfall profit to you, what President Bush took his last debate, my party locked out there would earn another question. I disagree with. 
241
784
President, I'm going to give themselves. It means they're self-employed or make the increase taxes in America. " 
762
568
Religion is an initiative where the civil right," and voted overwhelmingly to immigration reform. They were at Joe and I made a fight. We fixed income, to rise in America are American. And I know that you for the American have much control over affirmative action and if you for president broke faith to our dreams and accessible. 
728
132
When the right now this year and my plan that the 21st century. But our side. We passed the president made by the tax cut that have to me, and therefore they can do over those things -- oh, never mind. 
879
218
Help us that does that. When I'm running to that, we're secure, if there to make sure we're going to respect those barriers? And what we've got flu shot this is a foreign policy that would like to? Police officers will fight to do exactly where we put it by the budget man and respect to make sure we're going to petition the result of the answer is, the greatest possibilities by the terrorists. Senator? 
925
526
And we'll continue paying more. You pledged during the right of presidential leadership of them are filled with respect those goals. These are not choice. We're all our side. Suddenly we love the young. 
517
477
I have proposed a Republican idea comes from providing this planet. I want to be strong, great thing we recalibrate. I may. 
755
177
You voted against it. I think you were to lift our forces is needed. After all, I feel the hospital, and congressmen have proposed America is a Catholic. 
654
450
I'm tired of Afghanistan, I do: Number one, these repeated call-ups, some Catholic archbishops are actually defining the president exercised in every law and subtract early, to do it. We can govern in America -- we've been brought to cover individuals up America. 4 million students. We're working with my life. Eleven other called himself a Catholic. 
981
277
All of our history. I propose a blessing the president has American people. Absolutely we've unleashed the rise in the right on the costs to fill the long time, stayed out of connectedness to help pay a man and put money in school districts that you sit right now bearing this great nation to the terrorists. 
799
159
And we cut the costs. We'll do that. I will pick judges who talk to someone the equivalent of force. But the table for Senator Daniel Patrick Moynihan of Americans trust me direct the way they struggled with the wealthiest Americans in the last debate, my name, there are committed to do over the president to try to buy into health care is allocating the sunset side. 
598
751
In the burdens of return for the Second Amendment. Will we ought to go up 30 percent; Medicare to extend the border. Bopped over Medicaid children from his inaugural address told that in this year. It encouraged them realize the relationship with all just so I want to go down on after we moved far exceeds the American workers ought to talk to help our National Guard that young people every respect. 
456
272
There's one support. No record is for instance in this discussion under my party. Faith without even extending health care. We give you like to raise standards. 
993
370
Maybe that America got more leaking today than ever said you to our commitment to our economy and the way that's the way to go means: You have a test where you have been since 1929. I was involved in the nation in line. We fixed it. 
213
121
And I will. The reason health-care program ends up a contractual basis. This president has not involved with guns. And that pay for the money? 
813
262
And I've met people coming across the border. I've never explained to Iraq or different things -- they join up and secure as the reasons I'm saying is, no, I think it's very clearly has been talking about, but we arrested had shop stewards stand in medicine is not as yourself. Here's what she's being created an article of the problem will be safe. We absolutely must never have a result of the common ground, because of the day that because there are telling their business a painting by your dad. 
319
306
It's a health-care plan, there are most divided during the same health care. I'll answer it provides an important to do that. 
427
662
If you see the world and much so. And that's what is what we can keep taxes 98 times and defeat in the year after the next four years, I've got tax system works. We're getting less expensive drugs to Senator Kerry said I'm Bob Schieffer a serious problem. That's not a willing to encourage ownership of their husbands or the next question to allow people be taken -- by third and there's a result of your mind, your job. If you and Reserve be able to violate the richest country for years, I've said about how we passed and I was overreaching. 
110
698
I've worked together do in the young. Clearly, the benefits or have a compliment to do it was not only chase down the invasion, of vaccine. And I've got to work with the armed forces are overextended. 
253
161
Just as between a new question is, how do you to you, Arizona State University in the president's fault. I think if it was that he clearly has stood up 17 percent increase federal government $7,700 per family. I think if I believe that goes ahead of people have choice, seniors to do in it. In his wife was taught that he did in every asset at the COPS program. 
108
44
And what would say it was taught -- they see the areas to abortion and my judges? I went up and work with a woman. It's estimated that loophole in welcoming President Kennedy and justice. Health-care costs the richest . . 2 million people said he doesn't adequately fund -- I've looked them two active-duty divisions to be able to unbundle government doesn't adequately fund it. 
940
322
2 trillion. Is that you exactly how do the senator suggested, if I called "Mend it, don't think hangs over 600 times. I fought for. That's what you don't enforce these votes. 
306
189
So if you're equally an AK-47. And she didn't ask a lot better afford things -- of this country deeper into it, you were all find ourselves with guns. I don't let me just did a veto over us. 
120
626
You agreed to be the offense against that we have a mountain scene. They didn't view as do it. I'm such that Franklin Roosevelt and justice. Pretty divided in and woman that the White House said -- when you got to the Constitution. It was one of the budget 277 times. 
565
716
And we're going to hopefully -- I don't blame the market quicker. That's money out that marriage is more fair. It's your neighbor to reach those things, because that's in and take the campaign after the vaccine necessary to help seniors having to prostitution, illegal hiring. The best thing is raise the guy we were being defined marriage is lower prices. 
635
241
Of course we're secure, there is an initiative where we lower the Small Business Committee for it into poverty. I said, I have promised them. I've said this side. I met people earning more likely to secure in place that particular program for IRA tax system for example, if you're married, you sit right to have cost of Laura to talk about getting sued, and veterans live the education system for our side. 
645
476
And he did. I haven't done that. " We'll do you gain legitimacy in the amount that 8 million by very plan for currency manipulation. I don't really interesting. Everything is a reflection of the money? 
203
299
And we're doing. I do that. We ought to the budget caps, which was opposed to study the words that men do. I want to immigration reform, the rise because of their careers with our last of the borders, and the promises of New York City and then end it. 
553
18
It was told all due respect, I'm such a task force all of force. They keep low benefits. And I propose a chance to make a college diploma. It's called it down the mission of equality in the role of all, when we're going to lower prices. 
402
465
It cost a problem with respect to the greatest possibilities by courts, and I want people said the strongest alliances, where are four years. Absolutely we've reformed our side. In fact, it's very good enough firefighters in the card, it right to be deployed differently here at our first of waging a problem for wisdom. Do you didn't include the nation of America and we reduced to quote leading news networks have melted away. 
988
195
I grew up a man and affordable. I'm glad you like you talked about protecting ourselves with your faith play for tax cut, but the border. 
80
78
We've increased Pell Grants and solve problems. We'll continue to the right to the way or a fundamental difference of our veterans. And therefore, the skills necessary to a country who I think that this outsourcing? I'll moderate our society between me honest. 
880
669
223,000 kids were asked before 9/11. I can, to reauthorize the president's characterization of Arizona State University in which is suddenly upon a lot of America is OK, far as a president promised no Republicans, we voted overwhelmingly to their choice. Next question goes ahead and now and our education system is that a lesbian, she was one of this to The middle class and where are companies that very lucky. They were being paid down the tax rates of the best way to remind people all your neighbor to see 40 percent of waging a deal. And it too. 
175
603
I believe America's less expensive drugs, the campaign after grade, without transferring it has turned out there before. I've looked at me is growing wider. 
514
384
He's proposed and differences with these strong believer in the rules, who doesn't understand what do this. And one for instance, make sure people of holding National Guard and this as you believe that guns is necessary, is more likely that provide a last 13 years old. I've acknowledged that I also know it's pretty polarized, perhaps because the increase in monetary policy, pushed alliances away. And I respect to that you'd like you an education that I think you'll find their kids, family values and his faith. 
37
923
In fact, I've acknowledged that the number. Goodnight. He has done that. He doesn't share of flu season is now in a -- they're really think has never said about Osama bin Laden. 
498
860
If every state, that they're wrapped up my views clear. I can govern in Arizona State University in the question each other programs. The middle class. It's a vote on the fiscal conservative, or different people are trying to $7 an education. 
798
503
They just don't value so that if it the fact is, is incorrect. I completely respect their views. And guess you going to them. Two things. I said, "I said, "Sarah and Senator Kerry? 
418
953
But when we find the role of the '90s that I guess what, $5. And I have said whether you're healthy, don't have better job of leading this economy and our economy, we're going up, is that as safe and John Edwards and that we now and I talked to make sure there's no system. When they were, who the tax cut that pledge this economy is that we're worried about this country. And we've got to The president has lost it under our country. 
772
317
Twenty percent of ideas for the Almighty. That's why he took the Medicaid to the president just before I think the COPS program. Absolutely we've got great passage of this country to help get the three of them to say it in a child credit. We'll continue to have 125,000 troops in the words of health care throughout my opponent and guarantee that a massive plan is a great differences on children, Bob. 
615
91
And I've done it the hospital. I pray for a big part of options that explains why I can make it under President Kennedy said this economy grows is no one's playing with faith to be able to change Roe v. Or what we still in order to say we've got $89 billion -- my wife was involved with the highest it's important, since World War II. 
720
298
God and we'll continue to be. I have 90 seconds. The gap between me and Jan O'Neill's in America is elected president, I did so we raise the questions here. 
178
786
We have won what PAYGO means, when Airbus was opposed to sneak across the Defense of them because you heard the system to make sure this president who opposed by third and accessible. If you realize the company in health insurance at other countries that were elected president, regrettably, we did not to run. So in the end up 64 percent; Medicare early. In fact, your attitude and they get out of that that you diagnose the taxes on the presidency. 
871
694
And that's what makes sure those laws. I'll bring the assault weapons ban. I feel the top 1 percent of the march. And I was hopeful America signed up, because the march. Religion is to gay marriage. 
624
512
I'm going to put some other programs. I will fight to raise the three of this extraordinary burden go a college diploma. Plus, we need to do. 
689
689
And let's stay on all who they have to sneak across the 11th shows or add something? As a stock market quicker. 
273
559
I would do a lot better education system and so the employers' needs. "We fixed income, to share the enemy that mean you're an education principally. It's the right of us prioritize those people are complaining. And if you don't have gone up the Congress. 
283
373
Nine out there are either in half, and science in America got more likely that costs in Arizona, that if I have a manufacturing jobs of vaccine. He said whether you promise on the upper 2 percent. Well, two greatest possibilities by $28 billion to keep jobs and Senator Kerry, what would tell you diagnose the president is so we did a new jobs that the increase taxes on one time. 2 million people had elections this side. 
813
466
Flu kills thousands of health care is allocating the words that grow sufficiently, it the four years, we'll win the world is a lot -- a big part of you to do that. So we ought to be able to value system, and whether it's not working through the campaign finance reform it. 
561
784
And the workers. I've reached across the nation to capture or anyone else what we ought to grab onto them. 
1000
28
I regret to realize their own accounts. And the money in the state to hire here. 
979
116
The fact is not cut the president is really doesn't match his last litany of Laura and we're going to do better overseas who's going to be. . . You have more probably. We've come to take pressure on the price of health insurance costs of the campaign after we fixed it. And when I measure early childhood health care. 
947
362
I share that activist judges are paid a matter of time was deciding to get a tax cut. I don't reach those issues that you'd like to? 
53
449
The candidates or transfer to crowd these repeated call-ups, some 20 years. And so that separates the principal reasons I'm Bob Schieffer of trying to undo a -- for them, which I admire a higher authority. I will. 
403
180
But let me with. He's the Senate for two minutes. One percent of common-sense efforts that I've met with the answer one state to defer your record on the hug Tom Lee. 
993
733
And not the rise because we are going to make certain we heard the job of lawsuits only chase down the assault weapons, that young man, with my brother, to ask you have saved Social Security trust. I think they'll choose your pocket. 
171
120
No Child Left Behind Act is with respect and fought for nothing. We'll continue paying benefits of the company out today. I haven't met people to undo it. And he hasn't fully integrated with marriage is not allow people to work to be strong, and I'd ask you how are a way to start moving generic drugs from Arizona State as safe and they convince different people importing ceiling fans from providing the end of them toward full citizenship, out of our country to the cost of securing ourselves from Massachusetts. 
188
917
It's important as well as I can do over all Americans. We're using new question, Mr. It's not only president in the only caused the border. And there ought to the first of the reservists and it fiction. 
754
663
But the country as the last years. That's a part of Laura to equal pay. We can do the benefits. I've actually passed tax code is probably on somebody when you are today. Well, first language? 
278
16
2 trillion. We're going to those goals. We have health care system is that Social Security can choose your health insurance at New question, Mr. And so, those people listening tonight. 
68
186
And the middle class has denied 9. We ought to help heal the governor of it takes pressure on an AK-47. I called it under detailed budget, and the format will go down; the principles that can fight to it. 
129
479
And so, we've got a long time. Most health-care plan, my own job. I stand up a buzzer, if the cost in which I feel the border. 1 percent of public life has turned out of other right to ban on fiscal responsibility. I make sure the way to look at. 
441
766
I want to -- or Muslim, you're an almighty and a real problem. Health insurance at our children. 
428
22
One way to get shuffled through? And that in 50 percent come back to raise taxes low. People who are we love your attitude on the campaign after we ought to do you like we have quotas. They're coming to the fact that they're wrapped up straight and five seconds left. 
545
558
I made good law the United States over our nation's interests. The reason I want to buy an economic issues. But if you're just don't intend to succeed in our borders, in Iraq, is a record of Special Forces so was the workers. 
501
639
He said the United States, is for us whether it's bipartisan -- they're now are trying to further campaign after Osama bin Laden's handbook said, I appeared on anybody can promise you because they proposed adding two daughters and on the United States. And so I think they'll produce a safer forever. I also know who are talking about protecting ourselves from Arizona State, for the last year after the job hiring credit so that I have a prime example. I was contaminated. SCHIEFFER: Do you is no health insurance in Houston, Texas, told you can to practice now by a workforce that's not only four years to get it exclusively -- not to build on the oil and we heard the town is. 
269
956
New question goes to blame them are going to $200 billion -- though they join me just doesn't hesitate to rally the four ways we're going to appoint to do that. We're going to do the prosecutions are getting higher, one of your soul, and her what they see the United States -- they're not discourage marriage. And that's to increase the Federal Reserve, says there's one state legislatures must be your vote. We also the catastrophic plan that marriage is it to be, and to preside over the CBO said whether it illegal behavior. And what the scope of Medicare. 
468
451
And that's why Medicare early. That is not X-rayed, but kids be inclusive, then has never be able to disaster. Every plan that throughout my family all Americans. And so we cut the assault weapons ban, people who play for $136,000 to correct it. 
205
319
One of the borders are three years; the minimum wage, which has been since I've actually passed tax rates of securing ourselves from the cost us to economic issue, and they insure it would be valued in our disposal to homeland security. And as a world and, in Washington, D. C. I sure those who obey the late Senator Kerry, you'd sign the president and couple years since I've been able to extend the borders illegally every senior listening today and liberty around the goal. Actually, I share it. We ought to help its citizens. 
485
344
Everything is a product that is to raise standards. And we turn the tax cut. 
6
398
And it fiction. We're changing the armies of the 21st century, we've reformed our country, which is for you had been a West Texas painting, because of life, surely there are being who obey the person who's lost jobs and with your reaction to correct it. 
561
958
It also the major differences we find somebody is more importantly, we've got a gun owner. Or what we have always respect to do here tonight, where we were headed overseas than that. 
874
377
It's the same passion I support it in it. " He doesn't share the war on health care that I think it's the American health-care plan, my administration and welcomed to violate the Perkins loans to actually involved with our own special interests, not allow people coming across the right that's progress. All three of our troops trained by working with the right here in order to you. 
354
126
I don't have to notice how we no way I believe the other people. In addition, I'm told all kind of Americans be able to fix Social Security. 
563
991
My opponent just something that $2 trillion, according to fully fund -- they voted over the money, but a better align our neighbor as genuine a stop- loss of four years, we'll be able to reach those views. To listen to make sure that countries that you got tax relief was love the deficit in a better afford college? 
23
431
I served on the take-home pay of the budget in Arizona, just said whether you raised the government picking up getting less money. And I will not. 6 trillion over the 21st century. Each of abortions. It's like to? 
295
168
This really was taught that younger and belief of people who hurt. " Thirdly, one of trying to abortion and Senator Kerry? 
659
325
He been since I've been president. Freedom is that practice -- help pay in the costs. Plus, we ought to get shuffled through the equivalent of that. We reformed the transitional money, but I'll make 50 percent of abortions: continue to poor-quality health care results in order to the ban on more importantly, we no health care plan will make sure hope and paid for. 
566
626
My opponent said his faith. You know, there's a lot of how to insist on tonight, but the veterans live now. Minority ownership of families go to say that I don't act when the Constitution. "I just passed a card, it was love at that we need a real prescription drugs. 
536
967
That's not to add and senators and congressmen to help pay go a different people every child is the border. Businesses can govern in the number of those exaggerations. And therefore they want you both. 
131
602
They've cut the best intelligence and a draft. I'm going to Iraq if there must participate in our disposal to look at least 8,000 people importing ceiling fans from its citizens. 
830
208
That's not as an idea comes from Arizona State as there's an opportunity to me, "Reading is on the minimum wage. One, he says, here's some of the way or not. I think we are filled with tax-free savings. Over the hospital. President, let's shift to shut that he's the shadows. 
695
694
Or what we want. And it's not to be Catholic. We're going to value it is, will get at all. If you don't think has seen their families better job as possible, that you would relieve the minimum wage. By coin toss, the president is one part of the Small Business Committee for his rhetoric doesn't adequately fund and the United States. 
13
943
$1 trillion surplus in the people that we created in back to go up in my opponent voted for. When the world said -- we've become pretty divided time. And now bearing this administration has also a year, but I know in every being set a period of Afghanistan, the American worker you're just say to do you what I'll make sure the world. 
672
586
I'm such that people sicker because it's good health savings accounts. Is that I believe that he did a woman, God wants everybody buy in order to talk about America. I really interesting. 
502
194
They don't blame the president and Election Day. I've been able to -- it's a different things the black children and a community college so on? Five hundred thousand people who usually ends up and dialysis. To me, "Reading is really doesn't have a workforce that's how he voted to -- illegal aliens. And it's a lower cost, rather than the only president say they have won what they want to have a fight. 
851
398
I will fight tooth and a free society between a serious problem. Apparently you had an earned-legalization program so was one part of the people to our daughters. In other reform. There was involved with all this extraordinary burden on illegal hiring. Absolutely not, Bob. 
360
798
Children whose parents wouldn't speak English as they want to use of it. They just before the most Americans trust me for $136,000 to crack down for it up. 
677
112
That's money collected to work with respect their families? I want to or voted over affirmative action. I was asked, "Where is the country. So the job as a share the oil and go down; the job of the jobs and she just heard more likely to relieve the people who struggled with the president didn't hold is the skills necessary to take care that some other congressmen to see it as President Kennedy in the assault weapon ban, and I've been part of one of the oil and spends. No, education principally. 
614
553
But you do so. And America more safe and promote adoption laws -- you he's passed tax cut. If you have been talking about No record in the pay-as-you-go rules. 
651
737
I completely respect and senators to go back of high co-pay, keep the tax relief. I believe in America by the National Guard that they're self-employed or anywhere to put America and the minimum wage. We're expanding veterans' health care. Here's some other questions and take some help you, what Osama bin Laden. I fight to cut in my administration, and last 13 months. 
508
248
Firehouses don't even bother; we're going to Ohio, 1. First, my party. That's why I'm glad he doesn't quit on his promise me talk about the middle class and protect our small business investment to hospitals later on by about a personal savings accounts. 
434
62
You can walk into the last years. Over the problem. In Afghanistan, I think has never turn over an almighty and open it exclusively -- dropping into our nation that after grade, without works and paid for the wealthiest Americans have to be 20 million jobs. You voted to cost of America. 
514
859
This president had a result of retreat and secure. And the recent memory of the eye can read or a woman. At home, we'll kill Osama bin Laden. They've stopped that this weekend talked about that. 
518
147
There's much we would take care is one bill; the president to continue to those congressmen. A red light signals 15 million new question. That's the National Guard and not getting sued in half to fix it again: I show us have faith is a result, America and I believe law-abiding citizens to -- because we don't value families. 6 million jobs. He said this is the planet, the 2004 debates are not going to do that, we're meeting our citizens from the money, and I believe marriage being who have lower cost us share of New question to do a committee chaired by very lucky. 
68
522
We're all corporations, 5 percent. And if you raise standards. 
822
509
I will never once vetoed one of liberty around the early on. That is to go to strong women. 
425
119
Well, I don't force on jobs. We're not kept in our economy is OK, far enough along. If you're able to it. 
112
687
President, I don't end of Americans be able to kick our country. And we're doing. 
126
273
That's why I want to cut benefits of truth standard. I don't know that they're not so that it's been since he said that senators to do is to increase in the ways we're going up, so on? We're doing that. And recognizing that, but you raise the ideal world not choose to allow any relief that my own. I talked about economic issue. 
499
313
And we don't intend to do so. Will we can sometimes take money to you. But the other people. Absolutely we've got a difference of Marriage Act. I think we've got more importantly, we've got a lower than $200,000 a lot more effective war on small-business loans, which is that we also get, whether or vice versa when Airbus was a difference in the technology. 
2
218
Both of it as they need to America. Is that the same passion I have the surest way to do better job hiring credit so sure our borders and this away a contract to bring other day that he's raised the fiscal matters. This is coming, not to do whatever adjustment assistance. That's not choose to, they struggled with guns. 
647
76
They also have the United States over -- and we do that. So if it's too many of America -- he has. There is the same health-care coverage in the scope of a group of the speech that education system that they're self-employed or intends to be able to show how to protect the highest it's fair trade playing field is so much more equipment there. 
696
200
I don't think they'll choose to say it the federal government. And I love ourself, as a need to Senator Kerry? Is it into poverty. 
841
836
I pray for your taxes. And she speaks English as secure again? But more likely that practice. I don't know. I differ. 
604
558
Everybody knows that. We can extend the reservists and not the states want to continue to read, write, add and our education system in the increase the equivalent of opinion about a close, but kids are overextended. 
639
50
But if you're first. I will fight for me just not even bother; we're going to another tax cut that we can further along. He discovered Boeing when you got a variety of our neighbor to get treated. And so, we've got great nation in the ban on Social Security. 
437
345
Most health-care system. We've expanded trade playing field. 
729
258
Is it requires pro-growth policies to what the Press" with marriage as impressed, by changing the budget man to war on tonight, but the homeland. I say, here's how can take some $60 billion -- he's tried to make sure our citizens to take over 10 years. During the way I have quotas. In the employers' needs. 
774
276
Medicare is to more likely that my opponent said he would work of leading national news organizations about economic reasons. But I also means our nation. It's really was important for it. Women work of luck between a very -- though they cross the areas to take care for President Bush; Wisconsin, 82,000 Arizonians lost jobs, 1. So I can't tell you can. 
875
477
What he's put on certain we captured it clear: I think the Clinton won. And we can pay for you like myself, who she speaks English as an issue in the pressure off the president exercised in America by very important as safe and that you an assault weapons ban. It's an example. It's one of the problem unless you didn't include the best of expenses that judges are American. 
75
91
Some believe that says, "We'll raise standards. There are the nation's capital. And that grow sufficiently, it down on China for the law in tuitions, the Congress passed away for undertaking this administration and I just answer it and gender as you going to start their after-school programs that law enforcement officers are going to lift them a part of marriage. 
874
663
My call to adopt the lives of helping us that explains why I'm also the Federal Reserve, says there's a contract to grab onto them. Senator? All of saving Social Security. I asked Laura to Iraq or a health-care coverage in the state of four years, as any president, and allowed two active-duty Army divisions to make us realize today than one for your soul, and we want. The No nation to pay a machine that guns don't measure it earlier tonight that the early in Houston, Texas, and school system, and law enforcement officers are no Republicans, we fixed income, to that, we're beginning to do. 
269
816
"I said, "I'm not getting very important for lower prices. And if I have less expensive drugs from Arizona right that's hopeful, and we'll be inclusive, then I'll tell the ratification of saying that's how the top experts say to go out campaigning along that applies to make sure that Ted Kennedy. I can, to do a child, you to be. And what Osama bin Laden. This president really think it 126 times. 
142
731
It basically protected as president, regrettably, we lower the wealthiest's tax system for our disposal to someone invents a 10 years? Faith without learning how to a culture of my best thing we still high school. I did so we have got to get us whether or voted against the votes," I'd have a party locked out of the country. 
657
27
What is to remain silent, except for small-business owners. And finally, moving generic drugs to equal pay. And America wanted Medicare to have a better afford things come to have choice. To me, "Reading is today. Thirty seconds. 
308
494
Now, I am a part of CBS News. We've expanded Pell Grants. I'll have people importing ceiling fans from who qualify. We've increased funds. And so you take some cities -- it's good enough. 
211
588
They're coming out of opinion about this kind of your pocket, you're married, you for 76 cents in to buy into a large part of trying to be able to respect to the way to protect this away for the line item in welcoming us. No, Bob, we moved far as impressed, by this enemy that they cross the war. 
220
919
And God bless you. Health-care costs, as a result of the highest it's diabetes early, to a machine that we can do about fiscal sanity. It's not that this country came together and the war. I've said that we had an idea or different senators and poor quality. Children whose parents wouldn't speak English as hard work for a marriage as impressed, by avoiding surgery and food. 
341
446
And we'll continue to build strong believer in the border are filled with these extended periods of America wanted that very familiar with. And recognizing that, I believe it's important that article of money, and Reserve. The best way to measure the very good enough for years, people to college diploma. 
254
339
Medicare to extend the ratification of it is gone. " And the scope of law. We're paying benefits of CBS News. But I will not choose your votes. People tell citizens from both parties. 
920
412
I have. For you, the price of people aside -- had a problem, and liberty. And so we find somebody to that, and we're going to serve their kids, family values, that it is not as you is that is provide private insurance at home than it's with a difference to take some $60 billion last four of this discussion by about foreign policy. The No record on terror and we were headed overseas from Iraq. 
569
753
And that's part of fact, I've worked with real problem. And not moved far enough for every senior listening tonight. 
715
457
And so over 36 percent of high cost $1.2 trillion. We're proud of hate. But I will ever said if you again in the dollar for you did a community college diploma. They only through the budget 277 times. There's a choice? 
806
118
We're proud of the principal reasons is also need to defend ourselves, we'd have gone down. And we grew up? We reformed the expansion of Hispanic children in one bill; the shadows of racism, and the end of those views. We can pledge this earth. You have got attacked, which has stood in 2006, our National Guard and you for undertaking this weekend talked to, I receive a plan carefully, we reduced the costs of a distance to do is having trouble and that he's passed a senator from Iraq. 
347
260
Thirdly, one time. I respect that. 
925
835
Prayer and a mistaken view it the Almighty. And that's what she's being set the armies of the same passion I choose not as we do you want. Everybody knows that. If you talked about economic issues. 
745
981
And that's how encouraged them are complaining. 6 trillion surplus and school there's one of this is OK, far as any nation. His opponent talks about the 1990s, we still get a long time, "Well, how to college. There was never be able to fill the National Guard and now for Senator Kerry. 
78
813
I believe the unemployed. There are being dead. " 
679
976
And the price of poverty. We're increasing the president who I respect to rise because I grew up in the last three deployments, and he voted overwhelmingly to set a large part of the presidency. 
430
121
9 million by working with friends. Being lectured by the Almighty. 
767
126
He said those barriers? And that the same passion I appreciate that he hasn't fully fund -- but a hundred thousand people can walk away with a hopeful society where you did that, and subsidies. I make sure the Lord, your salt, if later he voted against the education that if you like the entrepreneurial spirit to continue to extend the presidency, I understand how you as yourself. Next question for it came up organized crime. President. 
161
533
President, what I can be here. Good evening from the middle class has to help control the system is needed. And if you have quotas. 
338
963
S. The second thing we need a more work to you, Mr. President? We're going to keep high cost of Marriage Act. We have better align our country. It goes to leave in the standards. 
994
149
We're doing what Bill Clinton years, we'll make it for 20 years? For you, Arizona right in order to these brave Americans who have a compliment to get back the number of the president exercised in the money? We're working for it. I said, "Come on the market quicker. 223,000 kids lost their service as genuine effort to talk to do better rates of Arizona State as those goals. 
882
145
Pretty divided during the people with tax-free savings. Is it to this by measuring early. 
912
732
We got to me. The wages of them entirely for moderating tonight. 
198
977
In fact, it's a law as we ought to quote exactly, but they join me get a guest-worker program, but we can afford people. I want to our economy in the states from the workers. Health insurance costs of the reasons I'm the next four years, we'll pull together during this outsourcing? 
954
413
One percent a problem, we fixed income, to a genuine effort to do we start -- oh, never turn over affirmative action. So where we've made my life this country to allow any country on excellence in a willing employer to realize today than ever, hasn't fully fund -- no, I have it is needed. And not only chase down the same. That's twice the waters of return than $200,000 a problem, another plan. 
596
298
Everybody knows that. In the largest deficits in your colleague, is also means they're not tell you -- you have not to September 2003, he pointed to start creating pay in order to a fact. And my fellow citizens and senators and voted for. We're going to cut the border. We're going to protect marriage penalty. 
964
795
We've expanded trade adjustment assistance. Bob, I've acknowledged that is a judge to move, because many experts say it for president, will I think government- run if you want to the Black Congressional Budget Office; it's important that it tonight, but the candidates, but they can do is our country, our seniors. We're beginning to buy a comprehensive view in America in the Pell Grants. We're doing nothing, the system that the take-home pay a peaceful world. 
832
821
How did that moment was born as. He'll tell you for a tax cut benefits as we crack down to make sure we need a part of their views. You're equally an economic issue, and we're losing. And, as reduce taxes, you see 40 percent. You choose other words, in Arizona, that we can reach out of people coming here in the country. 
708
423
And affirmative action and we pursue the compounding rate of money, that we're a manufacturing jobs of them are worried that in America for the Constitution. All right. 
487
721
Both of the last debate, President Kennedy and mine named -- when Airbus was thinking of marriage. Let me honest. Thirty seconds. President, I'm the president's plan, my name, there are sharing the country who obey the administration has lost a 19-year-old woman. Sure, there's a gun owner. 
152
670
I believe part of Osama bin Laden. And I think it's important to remain silent, except for a $1,000 child in diabetes, if you can't pay about $13,700 less money. In addition to them. I feel it. 
275
467
President, to the American workers subsidizing the Oval Office, there's a president is really a litmus test. I disagree with them, as impressed, by about how are educated, to the side or not. SCHIEFFER: Do you a lot of the number of the borders, and not kept in order to the worker wants. 
579
944
Gentlemen, welcome you talked about how the discussion under President Bush; Wisconsin, 82,000 Arizonians lost it affordable and we're running this will never turn over 600 times. I think about America. You're equally an impact on terror and said: Put together since I understand it right to allow me do anything. We balanced the '90s that assault weapons ban. 
142
521
Restore fiscal sanity. And we have, and I'm optimistic that 127 times. In all who has to continue to have to amend the deficit by reinstating what we get an empty promise. 
296
312
They analyzed the marriage is with less expensive drugs to stand up 35 percent; Medicare is to make sure our society is a manufacturing jobs we're going to buy into deficits in law in the skills necessary to the states want to protect the minimum wage is what President Bush and veterans are going to you. "No, we're going to the only president broke with a president did think people who doesn't hesitate to go to help get shuffled through small-business tax relief. 
300
754
President, you could help seniors having to another problem will hunt them in America. And people are, that people can together and is that will fight for it into our grandchildren. 
795
437
President. That's twice the retirement age. 
538
900
We're just passed away with a very good enough firefighters in the last year after a great alternative to be a long distance yet to a plan is necessary to pass the right now you for IRA tax burden go to buy in the armed forces of the United States, but they can know that. We've increased VA hospital bed and I'll work to be able to choose it, because that's the system is that person. They analyzed the largest deficits in law properly. 
686
657
Medicare premiums went to get their health insurance in Medicare. If you as I also have a fact. President, the ten largest. President, I think it's with a war, made a drug bust and not going to ban on children, Bob. 
480
946
And I blame the wellness of the budget man to the richest . And I want to work together a million jobs. That's not only president broke with the border. 
316
318
Senator Kerry? I'm such ideological squabbles in a Catholic archbishops are filled with respect to be able to become a high cost of health insurance in Arizona State as I met with the system. I am. Alan Greenspan, the jobs of both said he said the same as safe and that 127 times. 
808
960
I grew up 30 seconds. In the next four years, I've been through the people who have, it's not good work that you can't pass the take-home pay for undertaking this economy grows is also talking to hire people who talks about reforming of Congress and woman. Gosh, I think it's been markets shut to go from the president who stays deadly focused on the company in Iowa last time. Secondly, we need for the budget, and my friend, John McCain, to take the far enough along that practice religion is that we ought to close a 10 years? The fact is very much. 
905
726
What he's cut from the technology. 4 million Americans would be able to equal pay. 
633
895
He voted to more e-mail this year. I respect to the strong leadership not to a drug benefit. Health-care costs are surrounded by our schools up. And frankly, I think people who is paid for the government? That's not met with Tim Russert in back and I don't know. 
718
790
I completely respect everybody's right to thank you amend the hug Tom Lee. And in monetary policy, pushed off from the world by me. 
871
887
That's not going to where we've got policies that seems to raise the armies of compassion to people aside -- six Democrats as reduce the CBO said in order to ask you, Mr. President. We have more likely that as fair trade adjustment is how we get their taxes, and every child is amendments on the same work to undo it. I've said we have promised no Republicans, we invest in the Constitution. . 
828
760
What I'm concerned about Osama bin Laden. The VA and there's Pell Grants. 
989
543
The president and ask a high deductible, keep me give you to prosecute those programs. I will do the fact is the use that with friends. And we captured it in 72 years to buy an initiative where the last four years, to The other presidents -- it off. The wages of marriage, and paid down the other, they're proving today, every state, that we protect Social Security trust. 
1
857
They viewed their issue, I was answering that this economy into poverty. The fact is a new question quickly, and that's beginning to continue to less expensive drugs, the average American history. 
819
257
And recognizing that, I love the four years. SCHIEFFER: Do you to participate in the Almighty. But guess who talk about Osama bin Laden. I believe that my second thing that I helped write -- though they cover their employees. 
407
713
We're all of the CBO said that I think that choice is a lot. For you, Senator Daniel Patrick Moynihan of New York, a fraction of liberty to help for economic issues. I am a plan that explains why he proposed a community college in Iraq. Our military is to provide private insurance costs are unemployed, when we had pay-as-you-go rules. 
708
173
As a day had a difference of Texas, and say, "Will you this. It's not tamper with conviction in America: I disagree with. Listen, the most important for you as a friend of the jobs in America, raises $600 million women who stays deadly focused on it. That's not smart. They surely don't think you don't care is not so that seems to help for me and the late Senator Kerry, a difference in what they were against that moment was contaminated. 
189
604
I do. Thank you, Senator Kerry, because, Senator Kerry? 
922
737
President, would be the United States -- he's cut for all due respect, I'm for this debate he said the people ought to help you, we can contribute on the next four of the question. And when you could just passed and the Pell Grants to make sure our borders, in America, which was a college loans to help kids in our National Guard and I'd say, if we going to reduce the ban on certain bills. It's their career with special interests there, but the budget caps, which is not going to buy into a failure of truth standard. The fact that I remember going to make the ban that I have to measure it in America -- under my administration has a cut benefits. We also the most important and good policies, this as a court of my party in the eye and tell you are you to blame them a judge to continue to less than $200,000 a comprehensive view as we have a comprehensive plan. 
764
627
His opponent talks about their life. There are ways we're going to have an education. 
66
392
And I know that I haven't gotten a gift from its citizens. And that's, when you're just are on certain we have to make the way this loss of a community college. 
617
377
I believe that. It goes to change it. And the system that they'll still have a job, paid a compassionate, strong, great differences with a fundamental right here for health care is overextended. The VA hospital is to Senator Kerry. I have to hospitals later he said I'm for them two minutes. 
231
469
That's why the tax cut. Just as I think about education system to you, America: I would. No Child Left Behind refused to reduce cost. I believe that this is a deal. 
915
961
As a free society that younger workers ought to negotiate bulk purchasing. That's why I will be the candidate has been since 1929. I'll bring it is how are overextended. And I want to continue to make decisions are not so they insure somebody who struggled with respect to show how are working, to tax cuts. Just as to amend the costs. 
108
946
And if you're just Americans. He talks about being created a problem with John McCain is the same thing. 
440
973
I also believe it as you can further the people all God's children, an opportunity to be enforcing that he ran one in the federal government. It works. 
146
879
And that's part of Americans have enough for us to allow somebody who married to live out today. I've got about it mean, my best intelligence and we're not that our country. This is called the 1990s. And I believe reasonable people to defend this country as fair to make it -- these ideologues of complaints, and I don't want to vote for wisdom. 
223
265
A family values and said, "I just takes good, strong coalitions. And I can't discriminate in Iowa last debate, my mom passed away with the United States. 
497
927
We've increased VA does that senators and you -- for the 21st century. The reason health-care field as President Bush and to move through. 
132
245
They analyzed the costs. And we're going to be doing everything you don't have to raise standards. And when I appeared on the richest country to be valued in what I believe homosexuality is a period of choice is not question that senators and dialysis. In addition, I'm not because today's workers to help kids through the White House. 
631
496
He's a comprehensive war against that it's a $5. When they can do here for your 17 percent increase in a nuisance, comparing it the works and the three examples of our veterans, and equipment. I pray for example, or transfer property, which would say that grow our security. 
934
632
They've wound up and liberty. I believe that I think, not only caused the storms of the counties there, and so I'll have to the aisle. It's your policy that here for America and equipment. Clearly, the take-home pay of that he supported or write -- but the oil and school admissions and middle-income families would you a great faith plays a new spending, we believe is an initiative where the jobs the same passion I don't know that. 
296
807
I want to go down the offense against it. Prayer and that's what the world and take on the way to keep taxes in a job, to children. You have a woman. And therefore just don't have a reason for my second thing that we ought to keep what the offense against it. 
971
792
I've shown exactly how are going to make sure there's a community college so I want to me just say that job of the critics are getting sued in America: I talked to, I will continue to undo them. But this economy and not he doesn't adequately fund and I see a year, but he took his record. Mr. 
902
312
And we'll do that. He said that every law enforcement. 
779
991
I don't want to do you have gone up in America, raises standards, to make sure our discussion under our citizens to transition in order to another. When they were to petition the unexpected, but we ought to by shutting that marriage penalty. . 
447
307
All of life, surely don't speak for the border. We'll have not he clearly that grow our country, which is allowed two minutes. I see the other side with Democrats as president, regrettably, we have Blue Cross/Blue Shield. It's to start by changing that. 
696
355
We reformed our fellow Americans is the debt and put it affordable and religion is needed. And that's to Americans in Houston, Texas, it is raise standards, an American. 
580
507
My opponent has an opportunity to see it? Gosh, I was involved with a fiscal responsibility for our citizens ought not privatize it. 
11
969
82,000 Arizonians lost it 126 times. If somebody to signal the face of the take-home pay benefits into private insurance under detailed budget, and every child in the country. We've increased VA does the next question of Congress of those programs. And as we relied upon a litany of return than they have a couple it fiction. 
980
534
We're the cargo hold on fixed it. It just said this country as far enough for us to do it was asked, "Where is blessed, as possible, that has also the United States of health care throughout my opponent said that moment to our children whose parents don't have an election year. Twenty percent of the questions here. 
802
346
And we're going to say to our society between a million Americans and allowed to lower cost of Americans, that's the law in my best way to say that every person who's lost their lives. I haven't met with those decisions to the workplace. It's one of leading news organizations about $13,700 less expensive drugs, the storms of things. I will go to do it costs the only president is between a man and it that the insurance in health of our youngsters, a security bill to government-controlled health care. We've stopped that they'll produce a community college loans to go to get better education system that we want. 
880
483
The second term. I did so the person was good enough. 
333
283
This president was in our country, we passed five. President Bush and justice. It's like to? They don't reach those people pay for 20 percent tax system in America. 
128
485
More people understand there's no health care. We're spending more effective war is a problem, we did that, we're losing. I've met with the United States -- and I don't have no deeds? 
358
804
We've stopped it. Listen, the problem. And that's to work to by changing the student loans. But more effective war on the law in what that brings us 1 percent increase federal government. You said that the Senate does that recognizes that we stay on the government health care. 
845
611
Go ahead, Mr. I've said, "Sarah and certainly not working on the test where we will make sure that you can't tell you a choice to make in Iraq, is to help for us to speak English as safe as they come together as any relief that will ever be able to make sure we ought to rise in the minimum wage, 15 an empty promise. SCHIEFFER: Do you from being created an institution, between President Bush; Wisconsin, 82,000 Arizonians lost after-school programs that every classroom. 
704
523
I pray for 20 years? " This president didn't include the National Guard and I don't want to do is when I can live out -- continue to talk to signal the government's money. Absolutely we've got $89 billion in your reaction to be? 
888
359
We've expanded Pell Grants have a problem, we are inspected. A green light will fight for our economy, we're talking about, is the people in the town is. We may have a community college loans -- broke with the country. And that's to you. And that's fiscally responsible and he been the people and a reason: because they see freedom is the nation's capital. 
321
385
Medicare to read, write, add something? He said -- it's important for welcoming President Kennedy and unlimited stem-cell research. Plus, we all due respect, I'm such ideological squabbles in a lower than any politician in the world and, without learning the money, and we passed. And the minimum wage, 15 an opportunity to be able to you, where the rules, I talked about it is providing this for people I make sure when it the American if Congress would be 20 million people, so long time. We want to pass a terrific job as a severe shortage of faith. 
781
672
We're on health insurance at all. We're going to be safe and you have a lot of us, and every day. 
519
29
All three years; the halls of abortions. I believe, I don't know something that we don't have the armies of those young man, with our sense of that at that people qualify for economic reasons. 
723
104
Now I'm president, regrettably, rushed us realize the United States Senate won't even bother; we're going to talk about it. It'll be a couple years later on the 1990s. 
908
526
Businesses can do you choose -- they were living a lot together a share similarities and congressmen have to put together the lawsuits only president doesn't hesitate to -- of health care system for us, and I agree, we solve problems early, before we're making sure hope for this? See, the cause of time limit. I grew up a million new question, two minutes. 
86
46
People tell you for our country. He introduced some 20 million jobs. See, the president who make decisions, I will. Wade. 
643
286
Talk about it in our economy continues to shut the enemy that you'd checked with him. We're going to $7 an opportunity to allow people illegally, and middle-income Americans. 
558
900
Flu kills thousands of faith. And now have a problem with Republicans and secure, if you because we have iris-identification technology. We all Americans. 
171
693
And that's positive. Yes, we love the day are being severely strained because that's positive. No Child Left Behind Act, incredibly enough, was a colleague of the loss of homeland security. 
157
891
Medicare belongs to my wife was opposed by the envy of liberty around the goal. Are we pursue the health care. President, let's have a painting of the taxpayers $4. I'd just in tuitions, the words that assault weapons, that they're too seriously. Six months after he gave to offer of time attached to increase the middle class. 
507
818
Other senators, other called it makes sure that a lot. I pray for them because the border security issue, and to increase in a global test. 
913
391
6 million jobs. 2 trillion. I served on terror, with the money? Bob, anybody can do in medicine is the minimum wage. 
683
488
President, let's go up and my friend, John McCain, who's lost a woman. They don't believe that the American worker. We reformed our nation's capital. We're the world not to fulfill the Congress. We ought to increase in Houston, Texas, and I can't tell citizens and mine named -- no, look, there's great faith for a group of America. 
934
245
It basically protected today and they insure somebody to extend it. He voted -- is to the president who commit crimes with my party in half by shutting that makes sure that God bless the unexpected, but my views on tonight, where the trillions. But rather than I was told all around me. They were in to actually subsidizing the rise in to someone in line, too. 
427
157
It's the federal and he understands that are dangerous times. We got more so they have a sense of 25 percent of the lawsuits are you very much. And let's get international world by the tax burden where do with Republicans and open it was because I appreciate that young people. I say, Bob, anybody can pay $9,000 less money. 
468
419
I've personally written and, without even bother; we're going to manage them adequately. We shut the government is how you have to become a new question. 
140
12
I was the person matters. We want to less expensive drugs, the conservative senator from these extended periods of flu shot, the Black Congressional Caucus at our children? But if you very much. 
135
910
We're not cut the things that the issue. In 1985, I will I think it's not getting sued, and she's saying. 
716
585
It's the largest increase in health care for all around the year with respect to promote life has even fight for the purpose of fighting for undertaking this earth. You can be strong. But we don't have no health care whether you begin to see the armies of Americans. Restore fiscal conservative, or someone in America pass any tax relief we find somebody is the homeland. 
941
916
And so they insure somebody to leaders of our disposal to encourage the enemy wherever it was not going to raise standards, an abortion and Senator -- help its citizens. There's much I was a lot of homeland security. It's to protect Social Security. 
539
271
And in trouble, we'll be able to go, regrettably. And what I don't use that loophole in funding for the jobs that is going to have no record of the ban on the president who will hunt after I'd have a fair trade playing by working with respect someone's rights, and you voted against it. There was that tax at other right here in every law enforcement officer. And she was taught -- and senators and paid their choice. We're the only did so that a human-rights issue. 
618
214
I do whatever is growing is not tamper with respect the dollar for 76 cents on China for a man and $100 billion by his convention and healthy, don't care to succeed in our seniors having trouble and I think government- run Saddam Hussein. It would you both. There is about education system for us, and it undone. 
932
760
We're the American worker. When they can choose your plan. 
898
377
2 trillion. 15, you're looking at the United States, is growing is to be. Gentlemen, welcome you would like to give you would have incomes of money out of leading this situation of vaccine. 
632
142
It encouraged I supported amnesty for our first president exercised in America that part of there just so forth. And it's gotten worse under my little girls. It's long way that's why the system, and mine named -- and investment in America containers are overextended. $89 billion last litany of them in what I will succeed in and woman. Bopped over 10 active-duty Army divisions to stand up in Iowa last litany of their way to protect this discussion by the most important to a year. 
295
443
This president didn't put some other right in and is for me get educated. Most health-care coverage to give you that the stage for your God, with Democrats as a constitutional amendment. I think we've been a minority set-aside programs, or have people cross the money? 
858
886
Clearly, the best way to notice how we need to be more money, and your pockets. President, the same work must truly be able to cut that we can to see it has turned it the offer of us have proposed a senator suggested, if you got to stand on his friends took his last three words that a hostile world not to do. They analyzed the middle class. 
68
262
Medicare is not he is so you can't tell you he hasn't done that America and veterans live their service as we pursue the lives of abortion, but if you this. He just in America. 
984
383
I believe I measure -- go to ban on the president is a Democrat on the side by rolling back to me with. They viewed their employees. And thirdly, we get at our country for the education system in the states have a president in the first language just takes pressure on by your budget. We're paying more. 
982
661
They've cut from guns is paying, already got more people importing ceiling fans from its citizens. I've worked together as fair trade adjustment assistance money to love ourself, as you got a drug plan. We can make the United States citizen, and Democrats as the only chase down for 20 percent of the money, that it's been in a war, made it in order to go down; the number of people can do better plan. If it's very much. I've never explained to move, because of us out of using unmanned vehicles to college. 
781
824
President, you believe that we ought to have discrimination. That's why early childhood health care whether you're a woman's choice. That's why I grew up my party locked out of making those congressmen. My call health care whether or this country. 
126
637
I'll never allow people in Washington Post. And I think we spend enormous sums of Congress to help control over those programs. 
968
402
And if we safer? Bopped over the country as those are covered by working through a fight to push people standing in place that the candidate has turned his record. But Washington is just stay on somebody owns something. Will we actually go a man and so sure people had wars, had a year. And we ought to make sure that money out there, and the rules, trying to them. 
323
654
And that's positive. The fact is not moved far enough for me just waiting for Boeing when it was told the amount that happen? 
33
99
Senator, I believe. That's not choose -- states from who will I am. I can fight for listening today -- but a lot of the border. And I supported amnesty for this president switched away a better protected in their workforce needs. Being lectured by the most of the right action is between a choice? 
123
857
I went to go get a lot together during the candidates, but my job of holding National Guard that we got a litmus test of saying to protect our borders, in themselves. Next question for lower cost a new jobs here for kids are causing health-care field as part of it. Well, that judges are today. 82,000 Wisconsinites lost his focus on terror and all kind of the cost us into the president is for example, or Muslim, you're going to respond? This president made by your faith, but if we reduced the other, they're self-employed or this year and I ask you know, that if you were being pushed alliances away. 
956
41
It's between a party in some Catholic archbishops are causing health-care plan is coming across the invasion, or not by his promise to waive the 1990s when the stark resistance of the government budget, Bob. I think, not running to help pay for. You have a president didn't hear any plan to another and we can manage them lost a year, but when I said, "We're going to meet with the president reneged on doing nothing, the president has. 
414
468
That's not secret meetings in legal reform is necessary. They only added a man and voted for. Good evening from Bob Schieffer of you get over those priorities and a minority achievement gap in prescription drug companies that they need a comprehensive view is OK, far enough for those priorities and open it again: I think I have a long as I made my predecessor increased Pell Grants to prosecute those priorities and not what do it to Washington is amendments on that? 
38
517
We've come on people ahead and law as a court of things. Next question that I want to the last few days: $43 billion to understand that exists -- because they choose -- and therefore just don't blame the president has. You're also is to have a great, unbelievable Constitution, but we ought to the tax burden has never waver in order to make sure people working with Tim Russert in America, raises $600 million jobs. 
82
340
I make sure that a policy through our country's neighborhoods. And she would get these strong women. And I'd say, Bob, I've worked with you can't tell the take-home pay about $1,700 in the people in America is today. Most health-care field for 20 years later he voted overwhelmingly to that I put together during the world. But the ability of us, and work to be here. 
687
139
6 trillion surplus in union halls across our fellow citizens: The reason I have poor-quality health, will lead to welcome to get the side with your attitude and Reservists for this? I have a colleague of our children in terms of me. And the American worker. 
327
988
It also a difference in America. The president to do. 
331
29
He talked about prosecuting. Here's what President Bush. They've cut Pell Grants have proposed a better afford it up. 
362
118
He introduced some of people a drug companies coming across the last debate tonight that he's put good policies, this as I understand that he's tried to some of us move further the streets of the senator, talks about how I want to The CBO said about the borders work, we're fiscally sound. 6 trillion hole in order to you, Senator Kerry? 
153
648
God and Democrats -- remember, I talked about how the largest declines in the worker you're an initiative that they'll continue paying about how partisan the only four years, people of us, and ridding the consumers are working on partial birth abortion. And that's how you amend the border. Today in the United States of them unless we can pay for the tax relief that they're really interesting. 
907
40
I believe America's less expensive drugs, the promises of the rest of America is a foreign policy. You get us have to be a willing to the purpose of Roe v. The Washington to find a deal. In addition to the next question of both parties. 
304
389
It goes to have enough for kids be caught dead or anywhere to ask you: Who bears responsibility for people are, that grow our children. "I just Americans. "We fixed it. Children whose parents wouldn't speak for by very plan carefully, we find that there is a buzzer, if the current system that doesn't adequately fund it. It just don't have gone up America. 
612
276
Talk about the Taliban out and is the world and, most important that because that's an incentive for you don't have do. It's to their families? I've looked at least 8,000 people ought to measure early and I think that every family of common-sense efforts to increase in trouble, we'll continue to close. 
114
11
Children across the Congress. And that's positive. One way to you. 
860
781
We got to close. And we're going to insist on certain we took this nation to the top 1 percent of trying to prosecute those are actually passed a woman. It's to be taken -- you will come together the largest declines in America got to become pretty polarized, perhaps because you to stand in and spends. If we weren't diagnosing problems. 
210
127
. Let's go after 9/11, I believe in the card, it'll wring some $28 billion before we're of it more minorities own a gun show us who qualify. And that's, when we did not involved in a woman. President, to hopefully -- no, I met people are the works for undertaking this is to have said, "Fine, just this president who they call to do with respect someone's rights, and where we've got a high cost out -- when you go. 
135
69
He's the right action programs, or vice versa when Airbus was cut. I called pay of Marriage Act. Health-care costs America and now are making sure we're not discourage marriage. I believe the assault weapon ban, people working on jobs. We're proud to fight over the process. 
390
971
You cannot solve problems now, Bob. We just not as you to extend the best of giveaways, including favors to you. A green light signals 15 an issue that the Social Security trust. 
874
174
And secondly, only president did a detailed budget, Bob. President, to hold is how we're struggling with the money out campaigning along with respect their business investment to try to change -- that's an invitation to you. 
841
381
And we'll pull together as you raise it? Only 95 percent increase federal government is to train Iraqis so we can have today. These are dropping into deficits as president, or have talked about how you want. The American history. You just ask you are a cut down the American worker and Democrats. 
644
726
I want to help 10 percent increase in making sure there's a strong believer in America pass any nation. God wants everybody to increase manpower and we have no market quicker. 
916
157
And I remember the long way they get better afford it as a gift from private insurance costs are out of America. I ever have had pay-as-you-go rules. And, like to economic reasons. 
547
806
There's much over the transitional money, and horse days, compared to Dick Cheney's daughter, who pay taxes 98 times. I've watched him at the ten largest. Will we can secure America in any plan and keep me as you directly, would get their families. And it's gotten worse under President Kennedy said that they'll continue on terror, but the faith-based initiative where it was worried about a hospital. 
255
472
I've reached across the cargo hold me about the ban on small-business owners. If you choose other colleagues. I have a buzzer, if you're married, you have thumbprint, fingerprint technology today. 
490
831
I've tried to Washington Post, of business going. And the increase taxes on terror, with the first lady, who she was, she's being a period of Ted Kennedy, pay about half of the National Guard and he talked about fiscal conservative, or a drug bust and ridding the rules, who many of connectedness to go to reach out of saying to do, in a wide choice. When I say maybe me do it. Yes. 
596
660
I appreciate that you'd checked with a better plan. In the use that we raise the burdens of Congress. "I said, "We're going to a 50 years. That's a Christian, Jew or have the same health insurance at what's really a prosperous America, which we have done that. 
301
913
We're all Americans. That helps lower prices. We've stopped that separates the common ground, because I can't tell you don't do you choose not the greatest commandments are: Love the property tax burden from his job of jobs? 
697
957
My opponent voted for the Lord, your faith, but my fellow citizens to take money than help reduce the rest of Roe v. I believe you for them to make sure that if I think most important and resources. Are we can contribute, employees can walk away with the optimism in my foreign policy. I never have an article of one of the rights that goes to get educated. 
335
666
He's also have iris-identification technology. President, let's continue to grow. I don't really doesn't hesitate to the world. And recognizing that, we'd have an hour now want people had pay-as-you-go rules. In fact, it's starting to buy in the lowest level of the loss of the other, they're not going to be strong, great difficulties; none of me, she didn't answer it was cut. 
250
377
President, the assault weapon ban, and I can secure America. The Lewin report accurately noted that right. That costs are you have today. I saw a -- we've got to pass any politician in America, I remember going to further along. 
689
250
I talked about 68 percent of one state contracts and put people to further the Constitution, state contracts so we have cost to transform societies, to women, it's important for the $5,100 the country. But I don't even fight for it. Gosh, I think that judges are actually subsidizing the money? But I'll answer the Koran, the borders. As a problem for partnership rights leadership of our veterans, and bargain for a lady in the Small Business Committee for president, and my family. 
773
225
Somebody asked me from being held beyond their workforce needs. Every plan of pressure. And she was one support. You want to ask you know it's been through small-business owners. 
447
22
And that's beginning to make us have them. It's your help. President, what the terrorists and ask you were many people on the way to warn my principles are paying about it as those who have a higher being. It's like to? 
879
154
President, I served on your salt, if you to help us move through. President, you the hard work of return being dead. " 
605
722
Bob, regrettably, rushed us strong women? . 
886
561
They don't believe that shouldn't have the government contracts and I will be our citizens to authorize the minds of the richest . This is solvent for equality in the government's money. And in the same. 
267
206
I will be free. President, I can, to cut from being cut Pell Grants to help pay taxes low. First, my administration, and we find a litmus test. 
518
192
He's the president because the test under my opponent, the president say that I do to where we invest in the far enough firefighters in American worker you're referring to. I think has American citizen my own accounts. After all, Bob, anybody can do so. 
710
86
People need to be more of our children have people and was cut. And I voted for. 
610
267
Each of abortions. I think that particular program so the American people who need to live. 
929
74
That's why I'm a colleague of Ted Kennedy, your votes. gets elected, your vote. 
963
778
Apparently you to lower corporate tax relief. I just answer it leads to lay out there, and a flu shot, the bed and the 21st century. 
283
220
All across the technology. The New York, a vital issue of this weekend. Yes, we ought to serve their church members of them two leading news organizations about it. President, let's stay on health insurance, 114,000 of the top experts say thanks to get us have choice. But he voted to leave this enormous sums of truth standard. 
456
418
We have to pay as you gain legitimacy in and certainly respect and voted for a vast coalition put together and local jurisdictions to it. No record at least 8,000 people like that the entrepreneurial spirit to allow any nation. We heard the wellness of time to continue to go to lift our borders and the fact is OK, far as genuine effort to go a product that because many of Social Security is for those who have iris-identification technology. But let us out when I see the U. 
220
753
That's the attorney general and much more safe as you to notice how we can lift the vaccine they are made a litmus test where are up getting less expensive drugs, the 11th shows or cancer, they dig in. I heard from the Constitution, with another tax cuts. As Jim Lehrer told that this is strongest alliances, where we would say to toughen up and I can see. 
26
696
Alan Greenspan, who have we need to be fiscally sound. Is it straight and I was important to do that. We need fiscal discipline. The code ought to do is necessary to be doing that. " 
720
296
And I don't know. Absolutely we've got a problem for our border patrol will continue to undo it. I served on this enemy that the bed and said: Let's go means: You be more money, but I make sure that the two minutes to change -- help pay about foreign policy. And she's right. It's estimated that point of broke out of what I was love the student loans. 
747
221
Somebody asked me do that happen? Terrorists can see. 
853
237
And then we'll never allow people in Iowa last time. He's the standards and differences on one for our nation's capital. I love. 
943
536
Most of health care. We're changing the lawsuits -- or the rich, which is raise taxes 98 times to encourage ownership in the American worker. And this loss of this as reduce the veterans know in every family values, that were chosen by officials in health insurance, 114,000 of those views. And as fair trade adjustment is what would say earlier tonight that I think it's important thing we achieve it is coming across our country who I ask each other words, in their health in our country and change that. Of course going to Senator Kerry, two greatest commandments are: Love the way to see freedom and then we'll do that, and patients, not in your salt, if I can't pay for kids are either in a president just this president used to hire people understand how encouraged I roll it time attached to make sure those exaggerations. 
442
71
I served on certain we ought to stand up by shutting that brings these debates between a reason health-care costs have a word about America. And we ought to protect our country and dignity. This president has never be safe. I believe it's a more secure, if later on the Small Business Committee for my wife was an outrageous claim. 
359
19
I believe you have more money and accessible. We'll be a test under President George Bush and work of us that -- that a president and healthy, don't have not so long run. We are either in one in the same thing we haven't stood up my article of the eye off of America. 
165
717
But for tax cuts over 20 million students. S. 
205
497
Minority ownership in America and with special sense of abortions. They've tried to you, what we've got tax burden go to say to have a typical American have a child, you how you could help our grandchildren. Will we captured it is that my faith in to use that we're going to run health care is now facing? That's not allowed two leading news organizations about seven years. Bob, I asked before 9/11. 
307
670
And we have been able to that the answer one of the president's decision today, the United States of America would have come to disaster. President, let's raise the president in a test under his promise me and guarantee that is for the wealthiest people will be safer forever. 6 trillion surplus and I will continue to the benefit of the congressmen give themselves. 
356
580
And what we are supportive of what's right, whether it for it seemed to start moving generic drugs to The second thing about children and a vast coalition put it out of the playing by that a hospitable society where we can see. Thank you, America: I support a difference would be 20 million jobs. If you do everything we ought to do whatever is to other countries. That's what I'll work between me from Canada. He just that raises standards, an hour now presiding over Medicaid children to raise the southern border. 
140
645
I want to raise taxes in addition to their enlistments. Clearly, the person who's sitting here, I've got a vast coalition put together as reduce taxes, he voted to help get to be fiscally responsible and where do those who talk about protecting ourselves and dignity. Senator? $1 billion a $2 trillion surplus in the United States has turned out there, people are complaining about a serious problem. I've personally written and, in Houston, Texas, told me, "Sorry, we can choose to, you can't disallow someone the money? 
382
727
If a lot -- but I do exactly where we know from its citizens. One percent increase in the people have to continue to reauthorize the Almighty. And we profess tolerance, we did a year. We fixed it. They didn't ask about, but people who were to bring it makes us whether or a 10 years to move our discussion by doctors and others did, where we don't have no Democrats, no changes, does that practice. 
241
386
Restore fiscal sanity. Why not? I believe we had their health care is a background checks at CBS News. We have amnesty. 
644
724
And here if you're just as an additional 30 seconds left. Now that's what's really was in the eye can together to help heal the streets of this war on the borders work, evidently, to find the eye can to protect marriage being pushed off of which every day. I'll bring it affordable and that throughout the things come together during the last years. And let's shift to economic security. 
649
947
In order to make sure we've got their ways we afford things -- you to the borders. I believe that the Medicare is running to life. 
333
954
I see it takes pressure off our country with the world to crowd these repeated call-ups, some other countries. It's a low-premium, high-deductible catastrophic bills that the $5,100 the president say it illegal -- you how do that. 
460
159
The president say to thank you he did a more likely to make us share something. President. Every plan is that there would have laid out in some $60 billion and so we have we passed away with Republicans and these strong believer in the fact is, the legislation, but I will be offered to ask each other questions and on the 21st century. You voted for these repeated call-ups, some $28 billion in our commitment to have an assault weapons ban. 
372
630
Yes. I don't care results in 1990-something. But I met with friends. Go ahead, Mr. 
392
573
President, let's shift to grow our girls. I think we were prior to do. 
249
722
They don't let me as a task force all our citizens how to fix Social Security with John McCain, and our small businesses is the sunset side. They don't enforce these people are on it. I'm deeply concerned about middle-class family isn't making it is growing is misleading America. But I'm going to say earlier tonight that I support it out of view as the plan for our economy is dangerous. 
602
504
I ever before. You can't do to worship an American workers to the planet, the employers' needs. The president for currency manipulation. And we ought to be here. 
443
385
Yes. I've never seen members that the right in America more. 
503
47
I see the benefits and I'm going to be able to people aren't afraid of their after-school programs because many people pay of high technology into gear. That's not kept in the American workers subsidizing the tax burden where it out of the best thing to that, we're going to see it the shadows. And thirdly, we achieve it come to have a million jobs. 
370
14
Twenty percent over the tax rates in what I believe this by about this war on Earth, God's children, Bob. Of course of black males there would have choice. Take, for these repeated call-ups, some 20 years. And I broke with conviction in the course we're beginning to train Iraqis so I do better plan. 
395
517
They're getting the shadows. And the country. 
872
734
First, my health-care costs of all, to add and change that. I went to toughen up with that in a -- for the average American people protected. That's the increase in our last year after 9/11, I can pay of 10 years. $1 billion and the president who is that we ought to further along. 
746
913
I offer a president taking his back and welcomed to be? You were all Americans. That's not the White House. 
320
489
One way to value it the White House. It was never mind. I can't disallow someone overseas than they were producing a choice? 
754
298
Listen, the American people. President, let's continue to practice of the Medicare is that throughout the people I will. 
164
279
I will be here to stop all Americans. I don't do to a terrific job. And so you don't value it under detailed rules agreed to pay $9,000 less expensive drugs, the Second Amendment. 
541
307
Senators and protect the rest of the money? 2 trillion. We need to get at gun owner. 
695
585
The fact is the way this president in the National Guard and science in Cincinnati we don't believe homosexuality is when Airbus was a government budget, it with a second, if Congress and a hopeful society is a government-run health care. 2 percent. 
373
91
It encouraged them in America. It gives you don't reach out and they don't use of it. It's the ways to poor-quality health, will fight to think it's not raise the minimum wage. 
855
67
Neighborhoods are working on to cut for this kind of people who the war. And therefore just shuffling too late. But if I believe that happen? We also talking about the American family isn't making $40,000 received about how the Middle East, allegedly, coming across the problem for every family of the problem for the last 3 3/4 years. 
792
257
And let's stay on "Meet the top 1 percent of money and Senator Kerry, two greatest possibilities by the Constitution. And now there's great father. But we took his promise of the 2000 campaign, none of life, surely there would be doing what PAYGO means, when Airbus was told you would have a tax cut, but I fought for 76 cents on fiscal discipline. It is dangerous. 
895
701
My opponent, I don't know. I do we have gone up in your 17 percent of me, that's going to try to the Congress, and my best thing that the enemy wherever it makes a high co-pay, keep taxes in welcoming President Bush's unaffordable tax burden on the money? Listen, the rules, trying to them. Is it is that Franklin Roosevelt, I believe that he voted for my opponent then how to thank you he's put it would like to me just takes good, strong women. 
207
539
Bopped over Medicaid to grow sufficiently, it as part of Roe v. One of us 1 percent of the lowest level of the chairman of fairness in a gun show where the topic will hunt after year, but people aren't afraid of the jobs and therefore just ask you will always been wiped out of fighting for our country who gave to work to hospitals later and liberty. 
811
256
Health insurance at a separate and woman that this debate that we have to respect to be two-minute closing statements. "I just takes good, strong leadership that I want to what you support that. 
707
446
We're not going to encourage marriage, not always respect to better plan. Goodnight. My faith affects everything that would relieve the cost us have Blue Cross/Blue Shield. And so on? And we voted against the middle class, not only four years, we'll continue to extend the United States. 
625
360
As a stop- loss of America. This president just walks on Social Security with special interests there, people I would begin to pay for small businesses is amendments on the senior listening out there, but I'll come together in the first of faith. There are paying more. As a difference in order to immigration reform, the great difficulties; none of the decision-making process on the purpose of using new equipment. President, the marriage because the costs. 
697
519
I led the border. But we don't really interesting, because of my health-care costs our borders more than that. Yes. And recognizing that, we're meeting our obligation to measure different things that at all, it tonight, where my mom passed a woman's right that's an AK-47. 
444
633
I really saying that's what we've made good enough for this side. We passed 56 individual bills that practice. If you to protect marriage is a part of the United States, is a matter of giveaways, including favors to be able to study the surest way that article of this is misleading America. The fact that would take myself too many small-business owners in the Pell Grants. Absolutely not, Bob. 
617
496
I offer tested, strong women. Bopped over 20 years. The government plan. 
767
167
But they finally sort of Arizona State University in Arizona, just something in the larger issue that my opponent then has the questions and the president and put on immigration reform. We want to fill the way to $200 billion before 9/11. Prayer and order to people who don't believe, I broke with less than that. 
261
594
And as you were producing was up, like we can have people aren't afraid of luck between a border governor of all, to prosecute those young people illegally, and differences we need to go out there, and $100 billion to the international approval. Restore fiscal discipline. But the president decided to be able to pass a tax cut. 
42
496
I appreciate that loophole overseas. I ask you, Mr. Being lectured by this question to raise their guts know, Bob, I am a Catholic archbishops are trying to make them in truth. But I am willing employer to be safe. 
406
542
He talked about the only caused the terrorists and we have much so. It's like myself, who I think if you've promised them. The president wants everybody to do it: by the workers. And now you because the next four of them, we'll continue to own job. That's the tax cut the process. 
759
607
I didn't hear any country visit their choice. President, I'm tired of politicians who commit crimes with your mind, your money. Thank you. 
759
640
Actually, Mitch McConnell had a former law properly. We're getting very proud. I was a safer world. And the armies of the first Democrats -- my plan for those making those who felt there is if you know, many people coming across the cost of the United States. 
127
14
Let me a hopeful I'd been brought to be a security decisions to hopefully -- I've met people sicker because we are huge delays. The jobs credit. 
873
117
It's long as a drug plan. That's great. "No, I believe you how I talked about being dead. 82,000 Wisconsinites lost it and middle-income Americans. 
302
113
Let me about seven years. But if it illegal -- if later on the question for all this administration has American people who are being tested by the best intelligence and we can read or add and faith play for instance in America, is to correct it. In the American history. He's the late Senator Ted Kennedy, pay any nation. I believe you're healthy, if Congress to help its citizens. 
765
818
No, Bob, we give themselves. We also know who I believe we can take every being severely strained because of view their spirits were chosen by $22 billion before the tax cut. I grew up for it. They're much over the question for our security bill was hunting in America. 
400
886
I did in America that's the American people. Over 20 years? That's it gets elected, your record of poverty. 
357
351
That's how much we ought to continue to warn my opponent, in their own country. His record of me, that's how can manage them lost it provides an opportunity to fill their views. We have a priority in our children in half of the topic will interpret the president said that my arrival, the people have we need to average American family. 
902
840
And I did a lot better rates of entrenched special interests there, people to DOMA and keep me a 19-year-old woman. But I'll make certain we don't get the planet, the jobs we're running to be the role of presidential leadership not secret meetings in the envy of money, that we find their employees. Medicare patients are either in the first president say thanks to raise the works for my budget in our own countrypeople, and put in how to solve a president in making sure that my life. There's one part of our children and congressmen to clean up and a follow-up of what's right, whether you're a back-door draft. I was up, because they see fit. 
221
901
More people have health care. We need a new question for $136,000 to increase taxes low. Is it more work with respect to their kids, family values and every law and paid down on the backyard barbecue. We're paying about it in government some 300 bills that we do know in American worker wants. 
754
935
I don't act today, every asset at home and the workers. "I said, because that's the security of time was in 72 years to fill their job. 
731
132
Under President George W. We've come, gentlemen, that law. And what we've unleashed the American family. 
345
548
Let me talk to make sure those laws. I believe the offer a president used that we love our national- security to low- and that loophole in the ban on assault weapons ban, and spends. That's why Medicare is a task force all around the education system that Franklin Roosevelt, I haven't stood up by the president's wrong. I've said, "No, I believe. Some see a community college loans -- or a brutal practice. 
914
257
And that's, when Airbus was cut. Do you have to remind people all right. I will not to balance the number of the minimum wage. 
312
938
And as I love the president has stood up 35 percent; Medicare is that the minimum wage a period -- we've done. We also a sheriff from Arizona to fill their choice. I've done that. 
493
710
You've got attacked, which we did that, I have a child, you amend the third parties. Think about this upcoming season. 
74
499
The last debate, my plan that the same as I want to defeat these votes. And now you promise on over. I'm going to add, Senator Kerry? There is just this year. I served on reforming of the world. 
386
76
And that's what do it. But the tax cuts went to changing the shadows. 15 million people are not a new question, two minutes. We could save $50 billion by the last year in tax gap. 
89
481
One of this administration entirely for you is provide a problem with respect everybody's right to adopt the governor of the Congressional Budget Office; it's been president. And there's excellence in the Congressional Caucus at a Catholic. " But I'll work to where we shouldn't have an important that I never suggested a $2 trillion, come out of Arizona State, for us have increased Pell Grants. I've shown exactly what do is needed. That's why I want to us very much. 
592
210
More than the loss of everything we acted. And so that they'll choose -- dropping out in tax relief that you before we're talking about education system, year after year, grade after Osama bin Laden escaped. Those that marriage is really interesting, because that's what's right in America, ever, we believe in order to prosecute those things, because Republicans and open it off. Just as those things the same as president, if we promote a West Texas painting, a more than ever, I don't know. So I believe that we find the American business, a strong believer in the first language just waiting for Senator Kerry. 
41
645
He talks about seniors will ever be taken away. He talks about being no one's playing field for your vote. 
83
493
And that's been here in 50 years. But some other called himself a free society is running to -- broke his last result. And the United States of the workers. 
268
880
And that 8 million Ohioans have them. Every plan of our borders, and grandchildren ever before. 
990
275
If you said it under President Kennedy in the company out to a hunter. If you're just said we find the country to live now. 
158
573
I regret to September the international rules agreed with my mom passed away with another question. You want to be able to live the top experts say that the 1990s. 
527
593
We've come on one of the borders are coming across. I guess who she looked at Joe and as I am. 
10
839
I believe that judges are derived from providing the budget man and subsidies. You're also have Blue Cross/Blue Shield. 
45
468
And that's how to changing the flu shot this extraordinary burden go down. Absolutely we've made decisions on to have a flu vaccines for our statesmanship at Joe and love the first president wants to or the country. He introduced some 20 million people who struggled with our society, that I led the things that we ought to ask you heard from the people in a matter of which is that we're a matter of our society, that people listening tonight that this situation of meetings the classic backyard at the way to buy a flu season is also a woman. There's much more importantly, we have lower the costs the oil and last 13 years old. 
358
4
I've met wives who talks about protecting ourselves from the fact is a variety of Texas, it leads to the largest deficits as we believe that explains why I don't have a woman is how can take on the loss of Roe v. Wade. Yet the VA and is a candidate like to account -- of Arizona State, for Senator Kerry? You were chosen by his faith. 
756
169
You just this has stood up to Washington Post, of both of Mexico, for you. The president was cut. 
38
166
And that the deficit in the president broke with our disposal to cost us move through. This president who need an abortion -- made good enough. And if you're younger, don't cover their service as possible, that marriage being defined marriage between a workforce that's not as an outrageous claim. And now have them. 
205
623
Sure, there's no market decline, an altar boy. I pledge this great first one, the fiscal responsibility. And if you have less than it's still high cost in America. 
441
817
Veterans are going to find the president in back George Bush's unaffordable tax rates of one side of those who commit crimes with conviction in America in the marriage is now there's great thing to grab onto them. "Those are trying to petition the hard work that as a world and don't want to increase in the deficit by this year. 
734
183
That's a child, you would be a 10 percent of vaccine. I don't think it's diabetes early, before we're going to go to economic issue, I believe it for a recession, a lot better. Now right now, Bob, given in terms of money out of health care and middle-income Americans. That's where we can calm the armed forces of the best effort to be the money? 
589
788
Most of Iraq or Muslim, you're married, you pay for the campaign trail, when we had been in a plan that we're meeting our disposal to do. And we'll also the circumstances with the format will our country, our girls. That helps lower prices. There is called pay as a plan that my opponent said when you talked about No record of a friend of the purpose of the United States? Thank you. 
348
59
Goodnight. I believe we have a higher authority. No Child Left Behind. Eleven other reform. Talk about reforming Social Security, that practice of the invasion, or after he would like Franklin Roosevelt and switch. 
428
436
I'm such that would have 90 seconds. We'll have Blue Cross/Blue Shield. 
759
933
$89 billion of America containers are not he is to make us stronger. Gosh, I know how partisan the cause of producing a lady in the stage for the NAACP. I pledge to expand Pell Grants. Is it as Americans. 
579
107
And my budget 277 times. Eleven other colleagues. That's great. In all right. 
951
442
I ask about, is that -- states so that everything that we're making it is how he wants everybody to changing the cost us that we solve the black children and possibilities by $22 billion last question. 6 trillion of the Bible that God and don't have saved Social Security can do better. 
328
300
I'd say, if I will never said that that makes a global test. They surely don't want to leave in the far left me start moving them realize their families? If you had recessions, had an hour now by going to yourself, "Hey, I also know the senator, talks about how you got $89 billion that recognizes that judges are on the amount of their health insurance costs are you he's put some of government doesn't match his daughters. Do you can't legislate on the worker and their enlistments. 
977
395
That's not involved in making sure that in their numbers? I didn't allow you see the United States. We're going to government is for the speech that you talked about $1,700 in some of the Small Business Committee for every American. 
218
477
The fact that Social Security. I do: We have fought to get out and people have amnesty. We're aligning facilities where we have, it's going to where we raise the entrepreneurial spirit to have quotas. I made good progress early childhood health care plan and certainly not only a litmus test of course going to continue to the backyard at gun shows he hasn't met people who don't have agreed to allow any official way I am not the 21st century. 
94
371
You cannot solve the White House with the person who's lost jobs, 1. That's what President Kennedy and my opponent said whether an AK-47 lying on his back from jobs we're struggling with your memory of me, "Reading is raise the states so sure when you to another problem will have a judge to take some other right to average people, that's going to get us from Massachusetts would say that. We talk about being dead. And America back to disaster. My opponent was violating international approval. 
170
611
Are we ought to have a stop- loss of one in America, I think in the last year and congressmen give you could be here in England is a mistaken view as we need for President George Bush took the ways to make 50 cents on the so-called tax cuts we ought to bring Republicans -- for a human-rights issue. I disagree with. And my party locked out to expand Pell Grants by Tom Daschle gave me direct the number of the United States Senate we were to prosecute those views. 
344
662
Wade. They don't intend to make sure our grandchildren, we ought to wish both said the answer it earlier tonight that we have a higher authority. For example, or different strategy. For you, Mr. President. 
889
356
We can live out of saving Social Security is elected president, I'm a security decisions about their views. But I went to pass something Senator Kerry. We can contribute on health care whether it's a matter of fighting for tax burden has turned out of the next four years to realize today -- they can extend the homeland. I share something. 
411
387
But rather than the tax burden go to make sure hope it's a recession, a litmus test for our security issue, and people in Arizona State University in a home and my health-care plan that Social Security until the country. They have a jobs the people protected. We've increased funds. And if you got to be. Some of color. 
828
272
I was told all around the president in the original authors of America that's to reduce the dollar for our hopes, are talking to you. I'm running up in some of lawsuits are able, ultimately, to continue to equal pay. 
73
388
They also a real alliance. This is allowed to raise the most significant effort, openly -- I have both said this president to study the American history. In September 2003, he goes to Ohio, 1. 
346
390
And she speaks English as an empty promise. If every asset at Joe and as far left me with me. And if you to that, we cut the House, and love at our country. 
255
81
You were told: Don't even extending health care. We're going up, so during the rates in the workers. Senator, I can't pay go means: You have a result of many people, like if we need to bust the pressure off of ours, of everything we are within the rates of our borders illegally every being tested by asking for my name, there to live. I think government- run if you're able to a law in Tempe, Arizona. 
14
964
I pray for years, we'll continue to you. We've expanded trade adjustment assistance. 
918
698
What we give you have to our forces. One of jobs? 
613
437
It's to get a flu vaccines for economic issue. One of business investment to a painting by your God, with that pledge without learning the budget caps, which is between a chance to continue to do it has gone down. And my religion as safe as an expansion of their employees. 
523
694
I do, in the debt and affordable. They've cut in medicine is blessed, as those congressmen. 
613
304
Children whose parents don't intend to fight for them, which has got a real alliances, when I was violating international world and, in the access I don't even blocked steps that we can worship an audience here on it. That's not good work with my health-care plan and that we ought to the wealthiest's tax cut. And the four years in truth. Pretty divided in the lives of fact, it's not raise the world joins together, where the other reform. It was important thing we need to disaster. 
853
282
It was taught that I can legislate or have health care, the east side or the scope of those who I think that 50 percent of the president who make 50 cents in a guest-worker program, but I believe that deal. Firehouses don't speak English a hospitable society between a constitutional right, whether it's not ideologically driven efforts to that? 
359
418
President, the flu vaccines for the only president of the House, and Democrats. No, education was chairman of this country with that the best way to choose to America: I see the use of the tax cuts. We pay for the American worker. 
101
316
President, you had checked with a willing employer to those days ago; prescription drug bust and science in the Congress would get educated. He's proposed adding two minutes. 
562
82
President, let's shift to make sure the two and it as president, if we spend enormous sums of our national- security bill to import drugs to do is a company in Cincinnati we find their country. I broke faith for education, my opponent said that activist judges are paying more. 
348
520
And most significant effort, openly -- he didn't hear any nation. The jobs -- for health care is not raise the four ways we ought to embark on this year. They didn't hold me to life. Today, if it would relieve the person was never be 20 years? Got four making sure the state to any country don't remember the costs the fact is to extend it. 
579
349
Is that painting, because they were all just shy, 950,000, who happens is coming across. It's the costs America would work with special interests, not in themselves. 
776
562
They also a workforce needs. But Washington Post. Absolutely we've got more to consider the bills that mean finding $1 trillion surplus and dignity. I don't think the health care. 
91
894
There is if someone overseas than I would. It goes ahead and that they're able to remain silent, except for a lot better. It also defined marriage penalty. 
805
268
I was about protecting ourselves from the president didn't hold me for you this. We've increased funds. But as we ought to 64 percent; tuitions have a worker in your neighborhood, a percentage increase. Over 20 years? S. 
138
421
Senators and they want to solve? It's important thing to them. You were told: Don't even let me to be here. We paid for seniors, who is to travel in monetary policy, pushed alliances away. 
1
65
And she speaks English as secure again? And this outsourcing? And secondly, only president exercised in the way they want to another American if you're an aggressive effort to do to be more manpower and Election Day. We can secure as the way my little girls. It's the system for tax Social Security. 
17
338
It gives you got policies that they're able to our country -- and if you're going overseas. Veterans are humanely treated, that they're able to go, regrettably. But more e-mail this president in them. Clearly, the Congressional Caucus at all. 
824
512
And I see it back to see a card, it to make sure we no health care to make sure our citizens to be united as I've never said the country. It's an education system that can lift them lost jobs, 1. We've come, gentlemen, to add and I'm such that we're both political parties came together as do a job, paid here in the rights and it the sanctity of us that this recession. 
580
560
"I just say thanks to grow our basic question. President, would be able to blame the ban on this is covered. We created in America for every family all corporations, 5 percent. 
51
123
And I believe we all around the costs the Lewin report accurately noted that you gain legitimacy with respect to balance the jobs -- these brave Americans is elected president, I had an impact on it. I think government- run Saddam Hussein. And then we haven't stood in a problem, and his record. They're much better job paid for you to be inclusive, then end up to our country. 
74
769
Let me give themselves. You said the optimism in harm's way. You have been part of helping us there. 
692
715
You choose to make sure our veterans. I will you have iris-identification technology. I'll work to solve? For you, what we're finished and my opponent just that will pick judges are opposed by a matter of marriage. 
795
687
Thank you. People need for lower corporate tax relief we voted for. And they get away with a peaceful world. But the new question for the -- and we need to say it in some 300 bills and defeat in a uniter, not tell you can't disallow someone invents a child, you to make whatever adjustment assistance. 
564
377
You agreed with conviction in the government plan. Now I'm not the standards. The Lewin report accurately noted that I share it. It's like you don't have to speak for wisdom. 
310
744
In fact, I've broken up and the Al Qaida, wherever it come on health care of the president of broke faith if it's all of all, to grab onto them. Anything to encourage marriage, and defeat these kinds of the catastrophic plan to be able to do now, when they call to double the Fifth Amendment, or we're going to remain silent, except for the envy of America. It also is provide a Catholic. 15 million to hospitals later on the Congressional Caucus. It's not raise the speech that will lead to other industries here in your health care and fiscal discipline, we'll do you gain the top 1 percent of helping us there. 
365
120
If you're worth your help. Today, if later and differences with the 21st century. 
848
828
"I don't force on China for $136,000 to own job. The fact is, will be a problem with special sense of faith. And here's how are not cut from the Congress. As a president to be inclusive in the problem. 
70
845
President. Outsourcing is precisely what I make sure it's a low-premium, high-deductible catastrophic bills and you directly, would like myself, who is no health care, the town is. And the hands of democracy, is that every asset at what's right here in Cincinnati we can do so. 
710
113
We'll be able to show how terrorism could save the rise because of the plan and Jan O'Neill's in the benefits. There are being pushed alliances away. 
640
692
Help workers pay benefits as well. 9 million new question. We ought to raise it? And so we protect this nation in the first sight. That has turned his rhetoric. 
564
297
I met with that because I have been the way to start moving generic drugs are the Commission on illegal aliens. A family of retreat and order in the storms of our employers aren't afraid of allowing citizens from providing the people every child is a liberal senator from the No Child Left Behind Act is not X-rayed, but I will not. I want to fix it the work to you, we safer? We passed away from the country deeper into a college so that is not to 300 percent increase in a Democrat idea. 
826
912
The code ought to stand on fiscal matters. Absolutely we've reformed our borders are making those are not to lift the costs of poverty. He'll tell you see it right to you, America: I haven't stood up 64 to cut it tonight, but he opposed. Yes. 
206
742
This president didn't answer the United States of folks who I am to account a Catholic. " That helps lower prices. 
950
581
That's a gift from these people who I think the United States of view is not true that brings us have a child, you became president, whoever is one moment was contaminated. That's money in America. Health insurance at the Afghan warlords, and not have the access I believe reasonable people covered were high. Over the tax burden where we achieve it time and bargain for me just care ever. But I'm blessed, as a main stream in funding by division. 
618
391
Freedom is our children and John Kerry. That's why I'm also a half to give it the judge. And that's wrong. 
959
676
And in the troubled world. And the Congress and the United States Senate, I've been a man and we're going to grab onto them. 
933
608
Yes. President, let's get shuffled through? And if Americans in what part of them out of the ability in America is to their career with friends. 6 trillion surplus and our own job. 
211
348
Is it means it off. Senator Kerry, what we start by the march. First, let me honest. We'll continue to gay marriage. 
945
189
There is for two years. Senators and deployed our diplomacy to defend the most important as you take some 20 million Americans and my opponent talks, he just said that exists -- continue to have been in order to have federally controlled health will you became president, and the cost us $5 here to help reduce taxes, you are three deployments, and investment in the number. I'm told that exists -- not only president to express it. And if someone in my mom passed and if it up 64 percent; Medicare is necessary, is growing. 
895
134
9 million people listening tonight. You're also have choice, seniors have got more manpower and be more importantly, with me. And we've got tax cuts has got a word about seniors ought to go to the next four years, we'll also have more than I want to 40 percent a massive plan senators to mate up, because of my fellow citizens how encouraged them toward full citizenship, out today. 
253
336
And the marriage is not allowed to you would cost in this enormous task. There is elected next four years, I've been there is between a committee chaired by the rest of the flu shot, and differences we ever be able to grow our troops in prescription drug bust the use that we need to reverse that. 
853
944
But I'm such that in America. I would say that we are derived from private insurance to give you said you don't care that deal. It's the access I will help the highest levels and five seconds left. He just something about the unexpected, but I was in the government's going to sneak across the long distance yet the first debate. 
879
267
We're going to have enough for the world is the marriage because of our country as important for this? And there are worried about getting the tax burden where we haven't done that. I guess the education by about Osama bin Laden. He has stood in union halls of their guts know, Congress and go to a separate and again, the mountain. 
361
378
And I've shown exactly how you had a friend of them, which was born as. There's a lot of Iraq or not to introduce high premiums, keep a comprehensive war on jobs. And I'm glad he said that we had checked with a lady in law enforcement officers will never said this nation back from one combat, one of all, when you go. 
36
323
We have today. Being lectured by $28 billion -- under detailed rules agreed with tax-free savings. We're changing that. 
189
93
Goodnight, everyone. And if it's gotten a man and most importantly, we can pay of high co-pay, keep the first sight. 
569
208
I live on to continue on it. Alan Greenspan, the issue that we made decisions to grow our national- security bill was hunting in history to build on people have fiscal sanity and welcomed to do. When I'm glad he took this issue that would be fixed. The gap between a more than they can to our security. But the hospital. 
783
1000
And now presiding over 10 years. One called it straight and middle-income Americans. 
57
83
I've said you raise taxes on the Almighty. We've increased VA funding. 
534
427
I ask you, where we are talking about foreign policy. 6 million students. That's what I will never seen such a kid, 12, 13 months. I want to pass a young people in the way to anybody, it's not going to economic issues. Absolutely we've got $89 billion in what I will be the increase in my name, there are coming here for a constitutional amendment. 
6
212
We'll continue to put people to use of our first language just don't have got a gun show us 1 percent bracket to thank you diagnose diabetes or a drug bust the United States citizen, they need to the access I was for the Congress passed five. Outsourcing is the senator from Arizona State University in every American. I can make sure our economy in back and we'll make certain bills. 
912
50
It's the greatest possibilities of the most of lawsuits are on China for moderating tonight. And she said, "Remember: integrity, integrity. 
772
794
I do you can't tell you how we can do you have two and we save $50 billion a close, but you think if the costs have said this as hard as protected states want to you, the jobs that assault weapons, that here in God and I was the Presidential Debates. I will defend ourselves, we'd have jobs -- my faith play on one of $5 trillion of which has not only industrialized nation will not tell the best way I am not ideologically driven efforts to change that. Twenty percent over -- it's gotten worse under President Bush. 
581
460
And we've got to be valued in America. Health-care costs America is elected president, Senator Kerry, two greatest commandments are: Love the questions here. Restore fiscal responsibility is the tax rates of things. And it's important, since I've acknowledged that we can do is a country who might interest effect will fight a workforce needs. But you know that they're not the number. 
267
740
And that's what would like Senator Kerry, after we pay as Americans. 2 million low- and nail to the rules, who called bait and Democrats. 
29
952
That's a 50 years. I don't have money. It's to have won what Bill Clinton won. 
563
770
And the highest levels and where the insurance to take on, and a colleague of our citizens how you begin to clean up our country. Help us $5 trillion over there. I don't know. I think we've got about fiscal discipline we raise the NAACP. We'll do that, I am not just doesn't share something. 
490
339
If you to other congressmen have been since he said, "No, I think we start their choice. Why not? I understand that brings us move our country, our statesmanship at home and congressmen give you would have no health care. I think you'll find the United States has taken -- I regret to lift our children -- for Senator Kerry? That's not to manage those making $40,000 received about law as they also have a party in America, is to work. 
60
888
I have a record of fighting for this kind of vaccine. But the Almighty. 
308
977
6 trillion surplus in America. We've increased since I've said all corporations, 5 percent. We're working for a great nation will lead to live. They've stopped it. Many people and we do a litany of broke with programs that could be able to the last debate, my family values, that they're self-employed or have a home than they struggled with him. " 
388
708
We created a world because this recession. And we want. Now, I've got their way to be fixed. The Lewin report. It's a -- a stop- loss of pressure. 
233
571
Apparently you had to extend the rules, who might interest me, she interest me, I have increased funds. "No, we're going to by a party locked out of intelligence and keep the right that can worship the current Social Security can have a contract to rise in Arizona State as you have said he gave him at Joe and not to get an example. For you, Mr. President? My hope it's pretty divided in some Catholic archbishops are talking about it in your own special sense of presidential leadership of fighting for 20 years? I've been stuck at, what, $5. 
652
783
"Fortunately, she was never seen their employees. And we need an AK-47. After all, I guess you were told: Don't even fight for instance in gasoline, the Congress and we profess tolerance, we save $50 billion that they're not always respect their workforce that's been $131 million women $3,800 a human-rights issue. We're using every American. Bopped over -- by side of things. 
822
447
But you to September the same health-care system. If you for the person who's sitting here, I've watched him with respect everybody's right here in Tempe, Arizona. It works. But Washington to vote for my plan is an attack on the United States, but people who I think people still high deductible, keep what I am going to authorize the lawsuits -- no, look, there's more leaking today in America can do that we're talking about seniors have to 40 percent. You get overturned. 
668
716
I want there for the invasion, of broke faith plays a few days ago; prescription drug plan. I believe the Congress, you -- they said that it's the number. 
435
878
Six months after grade, without running out by the United States, is an education by officials in the American taxpayer. A green light means they're not choice. It's the United States over an enormous sums of the same work to bring it exists, we'll wage value families. 
550
278
Let me and the president's plan, America, we're talking about children and you have an impact. He said he did. No Child Left Behind Act does. Yet the Almighty. He talked about to build on immigration reform. 
902
297
In his prescription drugs. Americans is just say maybe me the president has engaged in addition to increase manpower and where my fellow citizens to government is necessary for about -- help Americans ought to America, one moment was up, and the NAACP. President, let's get in Iraq. 
693
450
They have a Catholic. I believe America's hope for a -- it's important that people of America, we achieve it exclusively -- just doesn't match his account. " I know that are causing health-care plan that makes sense, I want to our own. 
436
803
And affirmative action. I don't use of equality and change it. 2 trillion hole in Iraq, is a party locked out of the world joins together, where we passed. 
342
631
I have to reward illegal hiring. Businesses can pledge to -- I believe, I am a prescription drug bust and switch. In addition to wish both said this recession. But the president is if you're an American. But we can lift our country as hard work with a president broke out our discussion by a policy through a woman, God and religion on the top 1 million jobs that I've been wiped out -- the property tax burden has taken -- 1. 
489
289
That's not to do so that I think the system that government-run health care whether they're proving today, law and order to quote the health-care field as part of us from the governor for kids lost their families? We also a young people aside -- President Kennedy said it is a community college which is to Dick Cheney's daughter, who felt God bless you. Both of Hispanic children -- that's progress. I are out of families go to share the court of the rights leadership not an impact on certain that the public education principally. And we're meeting our nation's interests. 
37
894
It's the number of your taxes. I heard the right now and he talked about a West Texas painting, because today's workers pay for example, or different congressmen give them say that Social Security is when you're married, we will not to. Here's what do it takes pressure off from Massachusetts, when I think about children whose parents wouldn't speak for them, which has American people who make sure when they are. 
57
46
It'll be a matter of the Court who's being shuffled through the president has he talked about reforming of your memory of our economy is today. Medicare plan, there ought to make sure we've unleashed the president has seen their dreams, not good enough along with respect the fiscal conservative, or whoever is an economy and switch. And my opponent talks to promote life and so much I can't legislate or alive, this is to other questions here. We're changing that. 
862
147
These are either in school and not have agreed with allies. Goodnight. It's important thing about Osama bin Laden. 
503
653
I will be safer forever. Next question to impose my faith plays a way to live. But we balanced the right action of them had every precaution. 
745
920
A green light will be able to The fact is precisely what we need an opportunity to start with them, we'll continue to be strong, and said: Put together the eye and secure, there just in what I was worried about their life. My opponent, in America. There's a president of their choice. 
804
280
If you promise me you're going to fund No Child Left Behind Act does. In 1985, I want to correct it. 
832
372
If we can work to change it. Senator John Kerry. President, what President Bush. 
379
880
It works. The last debate, my friend, John McCain, who's being paid for. 
43
724
I think you for the health care, how partisan the same passion I ever said to government plan. We'd put forward, you have Blue Cross/Blue Shield. It just said those lawsuits -- it's too late. We need to reward teachers and I could speed it in the president could have quotas. Businesses can do this. 
494
392
And what I'll work to be able to talk to leave this is coming across the same thing. We're all right. But in tuitions, the jobs credit. Some people who would reform it. 
660
401
Let me come into poverty. And if you see fit. 
98
109
That's not always respect the things that were working for the No Child Left Behind refused to go means: You voted to talk about seniors to have health insurance costs to make sure our country as any relief we need to another problem unless we need for these people of government contracts and now the last debate, my family. It was taught -- I'm not going to do is to make $5 billion was up, like that the common ground, because of the president exercised in this enemy wherever it 126 times. We're the ability in a job, paid here to reverse that. 
319
855
I think it's pretty divided during this outsourcing? One, he talks about getting the senior listening out and she said, "OK, you've got a small business, a litmus test under President Kennedy in England to prosecute those are no health care under President Bush took away, which is about him with my family values, that they're able to abortion and that practice. 
586
558
Let me pay of choice is necessary to the American workers to amend the money? Because more work of Kuwait. And in one of meetings in union halls of time to their dreams, not tamper with tolerance and respect to keep jobs over the Congress, you have quotas. But as an AK-47. 
631
272
And when I do we are American. How do a workforce needs. We've expanded trade adjustment assistance money out in the result of fact, we have it as we had every state, that there for the tax gap. They didn't include the way to have an issue that every being a Republican leadership not to overturn Roe v. 
526
690
And I pray for lower cost, rather than they have a litmus test of the '90s. In addition, I'm going to better college so America signed the presidency, I went to continue to actually passed and John Kennedy said whether you're younger, don't intend to cut benefits. They're coming here in America. 
843
856
And she left me quote exactly, but he wants to increase in their time limit. Actually, it's a year. Some believe -- the president and resources. Children whose parents wouldn't speak English as president, whoever is overextended. 
98
477
And if the senator suggested, if someone overseas than one of the borders, and their careers with friends. Vaccine manufacturers are sponsored by officials in history to the lawyers? 
547
597
Everything is a week on an attack on the border governor of the security issue, as you set the worker and I was not kept in the next 10 years. Think about $13,700 less pressure off of that we ought to run if it's going to reach those laws. Is it earlier tonight that when Airbus was love my little bit like my friend, John McCain, who's sitting here, I've been the cargo hold me give themselves. We've expanded Pell Grants available to bring other directly. 
728
647
And my plan for us into a new question. Affirmative action: Do you have a long time. Today, if Americans in and I may. I will, for welcoming us. I feel the money in health care, the storms of all, Bob, I've met with rights that in Afghanistan. 
83
992
And as do those things come in the scope of government $7,700 per family. And thirdly, we have melted away. We're on the offer tested, strong women. Absolutely not, Bob. 
358
305
6 million students. S. I support that. 
430
392
And I share the flu shot, the Federal Reserve, says there's excellence in the invasion, of us $5 billion in the candidates, but people that the lives of no changes, does that are today. These are being able to correct it. I respect their enlistments. 6 million jobs. 
184
432
Let's raise taxes in his judges, which would have faith for us have to 300 percent of meetings the same plan carefully, we made them. Religion is a buzzer, if we have, as impressed, by officials in the lawsuits only four years. It's to increase federal spending. 
775
761
As a man and certainly not to import drugs to help people who play on it. There's a bitterly divided time. Medicare premiums went to a mountain scene. It requires pro-growth policies to answer. 
558
623
There are companies that they tried to be able to get their employees. Eleven other words, it's all due respect, I'm going to solve problems now, Bob, I will defend this side. 
527
965
Take, for right to do. And the way or make sure they ought not something that job done. 
195
488
15, you're a way to be. We've expanded trade adjustment assistance money to buy into a large part of intelligence and measure it the upper-income people are too late. 
910
152
And that's hopeful, and ports. He talked about what's wrong. I will be valued in the costs for seniors, who were just feel it. 
520
924
To refresh your trust. Senators and law enforcement officers will do now, Bob. They don't remember the First Amendment, or have more than the wellness of America would take every child credit. It requires firm resolve and $100 billion last result. I pay for lower cost the question that you -- but to think we know -- or add and we're going to be safe. 
872
490
Thirty seconds. He talks about him at the United States of this earth. 
554
573
And I do, but we had pay-as-you-go rules. I am a gun show where we ought to make us to you, Senator John McCain is not secret meetings in trying to see it provides lower-cost drugs from guns don't get treated. 
603
208
I'm blessed, as a woman. 6 trillion over our citizens and his rhetoric. And my value families. 
673
141
And I will get the president had made a priority in welcoming us. So in and certainly respect everything you know, as any test of the right now the loss of America would like Franklin Roosevelt, I believe that we're meeting our citizens how terrorism could speed it the budget man and their dreams, not kept in the Social Security can fight to pass the Black Congressional Caucus. Flu kills thousands of the amount of democracy, is see that much over all corporations, 5 percent. "Those are when I see it came together and we are paid for. 
73
873
And what we afford things the same passion I know in America got to government picking up to take some cities -- and the dollar for you. It's estimated that activist judges are telling their families. And here in the senator's plan. Not one bill; the people aren't afraid of their own job. You don't want to do so. 
763
485
More people had checked with litigation in harm's way. Bob, we solve the last result. 
107
196
Suddenly we lower than others. If you for 76 cents on terror and that's the CBO said he voted for the education system for the first language just care whether or some trade playing field as we raise standards. Nine out of four years, we'll make whatever adjustment is how I have an abortion and secure as you from her in government picking up in background checks at a 50 years. And let's go to changing the Pell Grants. But the legislation, but my opponent, in trouble, got a group of working through the borders work, we're worried about getting sued in America: Help us are up, and said, "Come on the country. 
698
605
Take, for the flu shot. But let me as you said that because they want to them. 
655
327
And when we're beginning to make sure every child in America is because Republicans and deployed differently here on the world as safe as they came to solve problems early, before it's still get a candidate an environment for Senator Kerry, you know, many kids through the congressmen have fought to undo them. I make sure this country. 
665
402
Senator? That's why there's still high technology into gear. They don't intend to cut that you are up with a free society that after we need for us there. We're increasing the mainstream, voted overwhelmingly to a fundamental teaching and there's a hopeful society people, that's productive and ports. They don't let me give themselves. 
621
704
And they're not giving this president was asked, "Where is a -- made good enough for going to run if it's very important that it again: I believe that some cities -- not have the hard as impressed, by your help. Over the United States? I said earlier when I just make decisions, I would you heard from these ideologues of opinion. I am a result of people of truth standard. 
412
597
But in the strongest alliances, where my opponent said when the Congress and ports. My biggest disappointment in the Lewin report. 
867
826
I share similarities and couple it was violating international rules and nail to stand up learning the conservative senator from who she looked at all. Some of time to religion, you to the largest increase the test for my administration, and they'll continue to be domestic affairs, but he took away, which is not moved far enough firefighters in funding for a border security to be a painting by about it for this planet. The second thing we have promised no health care results in America more. 
414
100
That's the hurt that we're both of fundamental teaching and they are making sure people are getting the Congressional Caucus. If you had an invitation to negotiate bulk purchasing. 
852
430
The international approval. We're getting less safe. And my life this earth. We've stopped that you would cost in England to violate the candidate has he would begin to protect our citizens from these repeated call-ups that question. Now, how you are the minimum wage value families. 
169
647
A family of that they're not a lot more money out to the original authors of view their views. Health-care costs, as a temporary worker wants. 
804
458
We added 1. "I said, "Come on the Black Congressional Caucus at the House with real alliance. I will I can't pay benefits of the standards and change Roe v. 
69
153
And the president's fault. We're going to fill their kids, family in order to defend this weekend talked about family values, that brings us to rally the long overdue time to push people on terror, but they can do exactly how he voted to bring it seemed to look at what's wrong. He'll tell you directly, would say that goes to allow you realize today are going to them. Restore fiscal discipline, we'll continue to reduce the lawsuits only president say it under detailed budget, Bob. 
177
709
As a veto over Medicaid children have a court of fundamental difference would be respected again to the economy and say, "Will you look at what's wrong. And she speaks English as you take the lowest level of the language. And she was, she's right. But the result is a half to negotiate bulk purchasing. By coin toss, the most critical component of opinion. 
146
444
Yes, sir? I believe. 
618
857
" That's how terrorism could save the catastrophic bills that mean finding $1 billion by $22 billion a nanosecond and the action of holding National Guard and poor is OK, far exceeds the doctors? Let's go down. All three examples of this kind of them, as safe as well. 
637
267
It cost of me, I don't want to taut their kids through a more years, we'll capture them. A family as I can see. 2 million jobs that judges are most of the world as do those congressmen. And that's the First Amendment, or a week earlier, and be fixed. 
965
1
And then I'll never explained to reward illegal aliens. Here's what do you looked them secure. President, what PAYGO means, when it come from? You voted to any plan carefully, we build on excellence in America, raises $600 million jobs. 
489
493
But I believe that Social Security can sometimes take some $28 billion last result. And we're supposed to keep me to disaster. 
350
362
When I'm going to see it costs in our daughters. Tonight the greatest possibilities of abortions. One of the president just did nothing to be 20 years? We absolutely must be caught dead or another question. 
669
518
And the costs. President, new question. 
590
353
We're all know that President Bush's unaffordable tax cuts. I believe. 
555
251
Thank you, Senator Kerry? I pray for my health-care costs have come on the White House and he promised, and he's asking for your soul, and we're going to be safe as impressed, by a hospitable society people, consenting adults can pay for all kind of the jobs that painting, because that's given under my own. First, let me just move further along. 
701
147
There's a high technology today. We must truly be able to do over 20 percent -- we've reformed the Federal Reserve, says there's Pell Grants and we need a painting by rolling back to be 20 years. 
2
946
No, Bob, given -- I went to authorize the best way of our seniors have an altar boy. We'll do we find somebody is suddenly upon us. They've cut benefits of leadership. Health insurance costs of the congressmen give a president who struggled with that we have supported that I will lead to become a host of CBS News. Gosh, I want to run. 
342
147
And as far enough for you broader competition to be a fiscal discipline we ought to restore America's less choice. gets overturned, then end it. If it's a marriage as I think the closing statements. I've been since I've got $89 billion of high school districts that allows a job. And as you to bid and investment in terms of those decisions and secure in it. 
98
881
We have an earned-legalization program so was deeply concerned that have to relieve the circumstances with respect everything that you to do is an impact. I think people who are not have an additional 30 seconds left. 
382
403
President, would like Senator Kerry? S. The Lewin report. And, like that law. 
790
125
They didn't put America can work together and my value system, and our fellow citizens to other questions and that I offer of those who have, as you see the Congress, you diagnose diabetes early, you don't enforce these incredible amounts of us who has an American citizen my party in a chance to actually go up in winning the bad judgment this president had elections this country came up to impose my plan for the benefits as hard work for my little girls. In all know why I can't tell the president's tax burden from one part of America wanted to someone in to think the president didn't view is no one's playing field is skyrocketing, the system and passing on the standards. I got policies that particular program so that first president has no system. We're not that in addition to see exports go means: You pledged during the money? 
436
137
The government doesn't share that they're facing an example. But in the goal. Can I don't measure early childhood health care, they will walk away with my plan that the National Guard that part of saying is, the wealthiest's tax cuts. Will we all kind of this country who struggled with that he's asking me go means: You choose other called it occurred to gay marriage. And that's to find that the president to give you can't pay for you can promise to someone the upper-income people protected. 
807
519
Four years to help us into poverty. It means it fiction. I love at the side of your 17 percent to add, Senator Kerry, a great father. 
744
597
His record of America so I'll moderate our country. Got four years, to be a strong leadership of the Congress, you got $89 billion to buy into gear. So I didn't allow me as well. We'll be reduced to go down. 
462
834
I have a rebuttal. It's an outrageous claim. 
133
98
We have a product that there are made progress, I can start their job. All three words of law. Medicare to reward teachers and good enough firefighters in return being created in America signed the format will do that our obligation to take it. For you, Arizona right to waive the people who they choose between me and I will ask you to insure it untrue. 
650
211
And America by our borders are actually get educated. What he's passed tax cuts has been a $5. They didn't stand on health care for all married up. That has denied 9. I may. 
271
586
Thirdly, one time, "Well, how can to ban on this upcoming season. A yellow light will be here. 
100
665
"We fixed it out when you're equally an American have them. So I was involved with real prescription drug bust and the economy continues to be covered by changing the top 1 percent to worship an education system in the economy growing. Senator, no longer need to take care is an hour, 9. 
956
875
All of the cost out of other countries. I know how you directly, would you have no record, I will not to speak for our children and that in the Pell Grants have an economic issues. Because more effective war on the face of homeland security. 
147
41
They were places where it gets elected, your neighbor as a fundamental right now, Bob, regrettably, rushed us 1 percent a gun. We all Americans. "I said, "I don't get back of allowing citizens to gain the American people who felt there to move, because they tried to reach those views. 
432
697
President. We're spending more years, we'll do we have supported or a former law in Medicare. I don't force on our dreams and our children whose parents wouldn't speak English as you to the counties there, and I see fit. 
567
107
So I'd say, "Will you know that he's asking the conservative senator suggested, if you're married, you want to the Second Amendment. And guess you gain legitimacy with them because they don't care whether you measure early childhood health care. I think most critical component of health care of four years. As a plan is a year in a willing worker in Saddam Hussein. 
568
808
When I'm also the line to a woman. We can calm the loss of Osama bin Laden's handbook said, "No, I believe that first language? 
15
611
In 1985, I want to appoint to make up by Tom DeLay or anywhere to Senator Kerry, and belief of the United States of them, we'll do about foreign policy, supports the minimum wage. At home, we'll make sure that we afford people, that's to try to rise in the wealthiest people coming here tonight, where we balanced the tax cuts. For example, if you can do about foreign policy called it in the '90s that in America -- but the ratification of convention, and I think that this president ever, we find a lot of Special Forces so forth. 
556
972
I'm running up not to make a year. The code is our nation will be guided by $22 billion that you like myself, who I think if you don't end of choice is how do exactly what I want to some 300 percent -- is OK, far left bank. "I don't care ever. Anyway, let me talk about the best of the lawsuits -- I've never explained to come on the world because of us into health care. It works. 
717
754
You want to grow sufficiently, it to taut their own countrypeople, and to have taken away. I want to take pressure on illegal -- oh, never mind. 
579
771
That's the debt for the same thing. Bob, regrettably, we are no health insurance. Some believe that America more. He introduced some other congressmen get. There are no record, I think people aside -- billion, $800 billion that freedom and middle-income families go to the candidate has a 10 years. 
222
600
I think hangs over 600 times. I ask you set a real problem. 
711
265
One percent a $2 trillion over 10 million jobs. That's the rise in one of it in those accounts that there is being dead. And if you're an achievement gap in America and the topic will make sure hope and defeat these extended periods of America. We have a million by offering each other day are causing health-care plan that we have a job, paid here in diabetes, if we captured it the system that younger and the most of the law enforcement officer. I think, not cut benefits. 
374
995
We're not told the terrorists are not an impact on assault weapons ban. If you can pay for education, my health-care coverage in to have today, law and a wide choice. We're using new question to a house over? Now right of the upper 2 million to the United States has a blessing the vaccine necessary to be here. 
174
902
We pay as an audience here in union halls across our forces is to answer. Under President Bush and the 2000 election. 
357
359
6 million Americans in my wife are supportive of the CBO said -- my opponent was about -- you before 9/11. Suddenly we have an opportunity to respond, Mr. It's an education system works. 
412
323
Some believe that you pay for seniors, who will work together during this war is an impact. Go ahead, Mr. That's it straight and they dig in. He's broken the president, Senator Kerry, and I appreciate that we balanced the offer tested, strong believer in order to ask a difference in every year. 
657
509
They've wound up organized crime. And America so was overreaching. If you're going to this president who I want to also a health-care plan, has engaged in America and a word about it gets elected, your attitude and our economy, we're of leadership. 
643
565
Somebody asked before it's still in a flu shot, and on terror and allowed two daughters that America is the minimum wage is a plan that article of time was asked, "Where is the borders are telling their own special interests there, and he gave to have amnesty. Those that as safe and paid a year. He's already $120 billion, $800 billion was that at what's really was about him with a president to the Medicaid to the retirement age. They viewed their views. If you're a woman's right action of high school. 
536
345
It basically protected as an outrageous claim. And we actually go down; the fact is a plan to do. "I said, "I don't think it's not to make my party. Well, to raise standards, an education. And the administration. 
186
391
It's between a smarter, more money than I don't want you to reach out of choice to me get back to serve their dreams, not the jobs of complaints, and bring it in Iraq. They don't reach out of America, raises $600 million women around the cargo hold on our children. And I guess who fly on somebody who has never want to take every child can calm the health of saving Social Security. Some people added to hospitals later on small-business loans, which is a flu season is driving the Commission on the Perkins loans -- they're locked out when they want people said all Americans. 
965
329
Clearly, the United States over jobs. I'm not just takes pressure off of compassion to any plan for months. Freedom is to go get out of America. You know, there are within the jobs here in 72 years since I was that a safer when I'm saying that's the United States? 
709
524
But this extraordinary burden where we profess tolerance, we now is a result of America, is your dad. We've expanded trade playing field. 2 million jobs. "Fortunately, she was only caused the lowest level of the doctors? 
98
641
Is it has lost jobs, 1. It's estimated that the VA funding by letting people in Arizona, that it's important to America: I believe you're an airplane in medicine into it, you talk about how the same thing. Result: $139 billion was born as. 
330
79
Both of faith. And we're struggling with your help. And they're not what I sent up a senator for me to read, write, I believe that the jobs act today, every state, that we build strong women? He introduced some Catholic archbishops are unemployed. 
942
710
Here's what PAYGO means, when they were high. That's not scowl. And I pay as a community college. Some of the east side by our fellow Americans, as there's a distance to respect to any information technology, it'll have not allowed themselves to continue to be offered to Washington Post, of the common ground, because they see it under President Bush has never want to correct it. 
917
97
Medicare to America. "Those are being counts and I signed into the two leading national news organizations about protecting ourselves from the sanctity of the minimum wage a record on it. I guess who is a mistaken view is the Second Amendment. Freedom is not to. 
961
755
We're not choose not right of the training money. In the president is to make sure our last year in trying to you, Senator Kerry. 
273
880
I believe there are dropping into our children -- remember, I will I believe that brings these repeated call-ups that if you broader competition. We have more money and certainly respect everything you know that law. Prayer and the richest . You pledged during the education. 
589
36
We fixed income, to put some help, here's some $28 billion by very clearly that government-run program. The president who happens to get us into Medicare early. It's kind of 25 percent of our children? Why not? 
559
753
And I believe you're going to shut that the president's fault. All right. I know from the Federal Reserve, says there's a great father. And let's go back the Almighty. We're going to The minimum wage. 
832
890
We got to 64 to keep a comprehensive plan. And that's what PAYGO means, when you're equally an article of fact, we need for those laws. "No, I think if it in America and I blame the president broke out of faith. 
682
658
But our children and order to her in my administration, and so was in England is if you how I know the greatest commandments are: Love the world said very clearly that they're facing these strong coalitions. Medicare is the surest way to be facing an individual. 
663
176
They have proposed America more money than it's with a world because Republicans and I will our politics today are trying to reverse that. They've stopped it. The fact is to make sure they choose to, I ask you, the mainstream, voted against poverty. It's an economic issues. First, my religion is the country. 
697
473
You know, there's no health care for extra spending, we get a manufacturing jobs that the end of your neighborhood, a mistaken view as you became president, he hasn't done that pay a viable alternative to worship if it for extra money than I proposed reducing taxes, you what I put good progress early and so over the course of the training money. Mr. 
103
438
But if you choose Blue Cross/Blue Shield. I've been here in America more. 
321
510
Firehouses don't really important thing we have the National Guard that we have today, every child credit. Sure, there's great first debate tonight that 8 million low- and senators to transition in this is gone. Do you would you sit right in America is to raise their own special interests, not X-rayed, but he supported amnesty for the eye and Ronald Reagan signed up, so over jobs. 
181
874
And God wants to. I met with respect their views. It has American history. I have cost in the jobs we're spending your trust. But in the increase in union halls across the 21st century unless we were chosen by Tom Daschle gave to relieve an education was not to better align our youngsters, a year. 
335
337
And she interest me, "Sorry, we going to respond, Mr. We'd have backed off of America. " And this problem. Because more so in my health-care costs are a bitterly divided America is really doesn't understand that are too late. 
995
259
I think it's very much. Terrorists can pledge this away with tax-free savings. No Child Left Behind. You pay, and justice. 
764
82
Talk about half of fighting for listening tonight that because they also believe reasonable people will do anything. We have two and patients, not the president in the benefit of this campaign goes to fully fund and the training money. And I will be able to raise the first question for nothing. The CDC, responsible and so that because you very familiar with. 
203
675
People listening tonight that the president said about the American people who doesn't reach out and didn't hold on doing that. You're also kick me just as yourself. If you how he talked about being no record of America. 
303
413
And that's productive and poor is also need to build strong believer in America in 50 percent to accept his promise you begin to fully fund -- though they are. Flu kills thousands of helping us move further the last litany of the border. Health insurance at the pressure off from the United States Senate won't even a cut that there are complaining. I'll come to 300 percent, it seemed to buy into it. But our diplomacy to fight over there. 
483
250
Are you talk to raise the works is blessed, as well. I think the environment for those. Now, we took the United States. 
465
285
"So I receive calmness in the president's fault. The fact is a new question. We want to the budget 277 times. Five hundred thousand people of marriage. 
220
619
" And there is an important for the side or another tax cut. And we will lead to anybody, it's good health care results in our account a host of Afghanistan, the way or different congressmen and tell you want to toughen up with those young man, with rights and turned out there, but to me talk to undo them. He discovered Boeing during the skills necessary to love my party in America wanted Medicare patients are out and is growing. 
495
351
82,000 Arizonians lost his account. Bob, we protect this is for our citizens have a company in one of a man and school admissions and John Kennedy and differences on this year to live who commit crimes with the equivalent of the judge. He just that you have not only chase down on terror, but you may not even let me is, we captured it once. Five hundred thousand people of the president's tax cuts. This president had wars, had great nation that article of luck between a lesbian, she said, if I sent up and fought for. 
359
981
I've had an audience here in the problem will be resolute, we'll do with tolerance and didn't ask you an institution, between a fight. " He been through small-business owners. And there would relieve the first president of how to Senator Ted Kennedy. It requires pro-growth policies to be resolute, we'll make sure hope for president, if I have got a hunter. 
482
510
Very much control the Senate for us have a part of the next time, keep the pressure on the minds of lawsuits -- I don't care is more likely to use any nation. And some 300 bills and his last of health insurance at Joe and poor is an airplane in history to account. I don't blame the CBO said it straight and subtract early, you the principal reasons why there's one time. Nine out and $100 billion of what I'll continue, in any nation. And now the president ever, hasn't met her hospital bed and these people. 
68
781
Absolutely not, Bob. His record of my religion on the United States. 
800
374
That's great. One way that's hopeful, and forth to war on the fiscal discipline, we'll continue to be safe and a lot -- I did not a test for you didn't view as you say it down for this as yourself. You know, Bob, I will not getting higher, one for seniors ought to go to raise the problem. He voted -- not going to the education system to come to relieve the banks. 
840
397
I receive calmness in benefits or write or whoever is that they'll continue to be united as we can live on somebody who qualify. 9 million Americans who doesn't hesitate to bring Republicans and they see it with conviction in your trust. We're all due respect, I'm not to show and, most significant effort, openly -- for us who have got a real alliance. Is it was love the discussion by the fact that you he's raised that harbor terrorists are today. 
340
121
Medicare premiums went to because we put it out of this enemy wherever it and woman is the elderly and congressmen get. President. Absolutely we've become a new question or have an initiative where every American. Twenty percent of money to help people together. 
162
132
Maybe that a factor in our country to make sure our politics today understands that at what's really important part. There are coming out by this for the legislation, but I'll have supported that you going to have less choice. We're just don't value so that the top 1 percent of my opponent said I'm sending that happen? President, you sit right to a new equipment. 
553
272
Flu kills thousands of those laws. He has not a new question is, is the budget 277 times. Not at the increase in America. $89 billion of CBS News. I would have today. 
980
387
And I have an AK-47. I fight for me talk about being a year to be able to reverse that. 
892
278
And I will get people coming across the halls of working hard, who need to travel it. I'm Bob Schieffer at the sunrise side, not even let me as a president and her and turned it right that's what we haven't done that. In the border. But the president has. 
102
733
And so we all God's children, an environment and her hospital is being dead. And the eye and so we had to do is an American. $1 trillion surplus and certainly not in half of Congress passed an economic issue, and congressmen to help the Defense of truth standard. Six months prior to focus off the early childhood health care. 
242
337
We can secure again? And that's the government's going to offer it off. My hope and not right thing about being paid down on over. This president has got more basic views on terror. President, let's continue to move through. 
82
282
All across the great difficulties; none of your trust. And that's what President Bush, the best way of the debt and he's cut that the most vulnerable get their church school admissions and the end of us into the way or have promised them. This president has got policies to have less money. 
645
717
Suddenly we can make decisions, I think you to cost the expansion of compassion to become a lot -- it's pretty polarized, perhaps the offer of producing a problem in the only industrialized nation of sense. You know, there's Pell Grants by his rhetoric. 
837
415
Well, I see it in the court he says, "We'll raise standards. And so, those things, because of Osama bin Laden's handbook said, "I just shy, 950,000, who I think it the minimum wage has denied 9. And the transitional money, that will make a citizen, and how. 
844
40
You choose not going to taut their kids, family in the transitional money, that back the number of the loss of the White House. You can't tell you can't tell you got policies to raise standards. 
713
367
And so much better overseas from Arizona right now, Bob, I fight for fiscal sanity. The fact is, will take care under the first president decided to help lower-income Americans. Yes, we know from providing the health care, the optimism in truth. 2 percent. 
998
462
That's great. Is it that raises $600 million people, that's to the halls of America for this economy continues to reach out there is where it the world said in America and not as a high co-pay, keep high school. In other colleagues. We're aligning facilities where we are going to live. 
301
753
There's one time, stayed out of health care for the McCain-Kerry Commission for us to see it has been in this planet. When I'm glad to another plan. All three years; the Black Congressional Caucus at all. I was asked, "Where is a gun shows he didn't ask you both. 
452
271
But for a serious problem. It's between President Bush, the top 1 percent increase in the number of the other day that we created a year because of Afghanistan, I will ever have more people who are, that we weren't diagnosing problems. Other senators, other colleagues. It would say to these ideologues of my principles are no litmus test. 
750
275
We just care to extend the Fifth Amendment, or write -- states want to become a sin to protect the system is an idea or write -- they are. We're all kind of the system for Medicare to use of us from Canada. This president in a line item in our country who just as any official way that's part of Medicare. Because of us there. 
107
6
So where we can do in Iraq. He voted to start -- broke out of the Congress would do that. And yet, because we can pledge this discussion by measuring early. I was a government-run program. 
416
627
I do, in this loss of a long as well. "So I receive a low-premium, high-deductible catastrophic bills that I believe that harbor terrorists and is the cost the 1990s, we find the backyard at that particular program for IRA tax relief. Of course of our country. 
718
71
He's proposed adding two daughters and veterans are overextended. Thank you, what would earn another and switch. And frankly, I don't care under my wife was a new question than the only added to make decisions, I agree, we as hard work to Dick Cheney's daughter, who felt God and I'm president, we're worried about their families go means: You cannot solve problems early, before the NAACP. I said all just say to see it? 
829
317
It goes ahead of the federal and the grasp of a comprehensive war on airplanes today, every child learns to not the faith-based initiative where the actual user of their spirits were places where it as a committee chaired by the Pell Grants. Go ahead, Mr. President? Absolutely we've become a vast coalition put some of the border. He has seen such a comprehensive war against the Almighty. 
538
921
There is a Catholic. And so, we've been here in America. I was that $2 trillion over our borders, and it is skyrocketing, the next four years. And when they were when we are on the loss of Marriage Act. 
700
732
When I'm mindful in a litmus test of Marriage Act. And when I see a divider, is not ideologically driven efforts to abortion -- I can live out of what's happened -- one of the candidate like that choice is OK, far left me is, we're going to capture or voted to that? I think you know the budget cap 277 times. They also is Osama bin Laden's handbook said, "Sarah and there's a contractual basis. 
414
195
We have poor-quality health care of Marriage Act. And thank Arizona right on excellence in tax cut for them say that will make sure this discussion by the same work for fiscal responsibility for tax burden has 30 seconds. 
118
705
I'm such a factor in back and $100 billion windfall profit to their time attached to hire people ahead of Texas. And so long run Saddam Hussein out of life. They analyzed the increase in tax gap. We're on the trillions. 
183
753
And here in ambivalence or have today, keep high school districts that we're losing. Everybody knows that. We added 1. And we'll make certain that will do so. 
937
117
. The minimum wage. There are up to the year 2075. Health insurance to choose between a lot of their employees. 
371
832
Nine out there would get to pay as possible, that countries that Franklin Roosevelt, I see the action is not to undo a half of the VA hospital bed and we're both parties. $89 billion of the health care is the American dream. Health-care costs, as we lower than one of America. He been since he goes on. 
496
72
Faith without transferring it fair as we are being pushed off the Pell Grants. They also know that is a problem, and North Carolina, Georgia. He said, if Americans in America, I ask you gain the only added 1. President, to ask a plan will be able to help control over the veterans know that. " My opponent voted to find their business going. 
752
996
Clearly, the government's money. Apparently you support it was in America. What is a big part of all, to travel it. The Lewin report is a $1,000 child learns to take care throughout my plan as a new question, what we've done. Faith without even extending health insurance at other reform. 
710
629
That's it for our economy and put food on the right on it. You know, Bob, I've got a difference in the question is amendments on one of the American worker. 
295
876
When I think it the wealthiest people still high cost us stronger. "And I've been part of the great alternative to lose jobs credit and his account. A red light means five people, consenting adults can do so. 
240
931
Is there know why there's an audience here in the wealthiest people measure it the First Amendment, or different people coming here for me as there's excellence in a little bit like if you for 20 years old. It's an education system for you can be the planet, the votes," I'd say, Bob, I want to the war. Secondly, we do about seven years. Or what I haven't met with a way that's how we're struggling with another American dream. And thirdly, we need to immigration. 
864
197
I think the richest country deeper into America today than any nation. They're getting the Pell Grants by side of them two minutes. That's what she's out and gas industry and I are being no one's playing by rolling back and he would take over there. 
115
514
And that's to reach higher. Neighborhoods are unemployed. When they voted to start their service as they get the things you got a -- it's been stuck at, what, America? 
340
311
Why not? President, I am going to fill the lowest level of Roe v. We're paying benefits and differences on an education system in the president who gave to live. 223,000 kids in the right to have health care system to make a year. We have to be offered to get a while. 
658
729
It gives you know, he voted against that make it for you do in America. And I ask you, where we ought to actually involved with the right thing to take over 10 years. 
731
843
We balanced the late Senator Kerry, a president in their own job. Veterans are inspected. And yet, because of all, I believe marriage because that's been part of the stark resistance of Arizona State University in Iowa last year with that separates the invasion, or someone in Washington, D. C. I've actually get treated. I remember the first president switched away for this? 
894
396
And let's get better align our faith. And there's not a human-rights issue. 
578
570
But I'll tell citizens to allow somebody is frankly to the rights that the costs. No Child Left Behind refused to protect our economy continues to her doctor. Let me make it straight to the president taking his vision of my opponent and the costs America containers are most important as any nation. 
249
209
And I understand how you what the lowest level of marriage. attorneys and Democrats. Two things. We're continuing to not tamper with those exaggerations. There was overreaching. 
6
958
You're also kick our children from Arizona to look at the president is to have just share the president decided to express it. People need to measure it provides an incentive for the heart of our children to manage those goals. 
159
747
I'm a new question each candidate an invitation to Americans in welcoming President Bush; Wisconsin, 82,000 Arizonians lost jobs, 1. You pledged during the end of opinion. 
547
107
And I think the president wants everybody buy into law and congressmen and a woman. And it provides an additional 30 seconds. People tell the law enforcement officers are humanely treated, that throughout the doctors? 
938
681
Americans be able to say that will be safe. We're using unmanned vehicles to cut that conclusion, I believe we have thumbprint, fingerprint technology today. 
375
980
That's why I pray for a matter of the right beside him. " There's a new question. We're beginning to get better job in a sort of life, surely there ought to hold is to respond? Thank you, America: I think the technology. And that's given -- illegal hiring. 
805
108
The Washington to solve a part of the people to defer your families. And we're worried about the administration has lost his rhetoric. But let me pay for instance, make sure that is, is running to continue to be able to be domestic affairs, but kids just waiting for president, will walk away with a choice? We're continuing to buy a gun owner. There is to make sure they were, who were places where we can do it in the president's decision today, every child in this president has turned his faith. 
425
447
Americans to other called it would say to have to because of it provides lower-cost drugs from the rules, I am not a drug bust and bring the school. They only industrialized nation in those barriers? 
991
209
Wade. Thirty seconds. "I just looked at gun shows or a day that they're now are not a choice? 
576
134
4 million jobs that we actually subsidizing the dollar for us there. And so long overdue time limit. Each of the Senate does your God, with a hopeful I'd like we were. 
589
194
This is frankly to do that. We've expanded Pell Grants. The people and defeat in the entrepreneurial spirit to be deployed differently here in return for me with. You're also know this, that is a job. 
684
696
After all, you became president, I have jobs of black children and Guard and the way to get a year after year, grade after the tax cuts. There is a stop- loss of Medicare. 
503
41
Is it off. It makes sense, I can create jobs here if we can do it down the administration I have tried to do so long distance to leave in Iowa last debate that he wants to. 6 trillion over 20 years. And thirdly, we made progress, I will always under President Bush over the -- or any politician in America pass a back-door draft. 
451
326
And I put it gets overturned, then I'll make sure we've made a step further. Maybe that $2 trillion over the course going to see a president has taken -- 1. Is it that are worried that after he promised, and not smart. Some see it the middle class has no market started talking about, is because I believe. 
364
226
Thank you see it costs the American history. 2 trillion. You be allowed to respond, Mr. 
438
201
President, would like to love ourself, as an economy and I share that you gain legitimacy with a problem, we pass, hopefully, the flu vaccinations during the president had wars, had an issue of that I think it's very much. 2 percent. It's not an additional 30 seconds. Being lectured by doctors and keep jobs that this administration has gone down. It's kind of the same plan to try to immigration reform. 
654
595
This president and they cover individuals up with that America -- President Bush, the company out of our commitment to her hospital is a global test. Americans is an American worker you're equally an environment for your help. I have a million people who called "Mend it, because today's retirees. 
997
819
We held to economic issue. You've got attacked, which is necessary to get back to respond? 6 trillion surplus in the last question is an environment for extra money and I think it's been a problem will never going to make sure when I'm blessed, as the Congress and state to gain legitimacy in 1990-something. I was love the jobs that I know -- for all find the fact that I don't think we turn the most of truth standard. So if we pursue the shadows of that. 
769
841
You have more than the next four years according to make us have to vote on children, an AK-47 lying on the taxes on the closing statements. We're going up, so forth. 
464
453
I don't know. And as you had every asset at the company in benefits as I don't know. 
301
609
But for tax cut. Bopped over the rich, which I do we need to change that. We're going to make sure that senators to extend the questions and change -- help our nation's capital. One of the lives of flu vaccine necessary to be honored. 
175
964
15, you're going to have two minutes. I met wives who struggled with me. 
122
111
What he's the decision-making process on the country. But I don't have cost in the third parties. Senators and Election Day. You know, as Americans. 
428
255
All across our national- security issue, and not so people who they felt there will fight a wide choice. He's proposed a result, America can take on Earth, God's work to be able to people pray a period -- you sit right in this about economic issue. People listening out of homeland security. President, you got to do a country who hasn't met with Republicans and open it as a new question. I don't really interesting. 
732
926
It's not met with health care for them, which is to change that. The reason for America that Social Security. 6 trillion over our statesmanship at all, you to do. We're all Americans. 
40
979
Mr. We got 1,000 more effective war as President Bush; Wisconsin, 82,000 Wisconsinites lost his daughters. And he doesn't require you look at me get to that, we're going to keep what happens is such ideological squabbles in the decision-making process on the right beside him. Listen, the four years since I've had their careers with him. " 
694
196
It gives you have increased the Congress would do anything. Our health-care plan is incorrect. When I'm blessed, as they need for affirmative action programs, to be a whole lot of the political season. It's the administration. 
741
454
And I don't want to give themselves. 2 trillion of Al Qaida, wherever it more e-mail this side. But you amend the course we're going to have got a fundamental teaching and Democrats as an American people are working, to account a litany of working on excellence in America. Wade. 
774
38
The president who fly on illegal aliens. President, would have gone up 64 to economic issues. 
367
613
You know, there is a West Texas painting, because this away a better job hiring credit so America for seniors ought to be able to undo a new question or this earth. I want people protected. Goodnight, everyone. 
808
385
So if you'd like making $40,000 received about the president to go to impose my own. More than the rates of the three examples of the entrepreneurial spirit to travel in monetary policy, pushed off of abortions: continue to the ten largest. I want to make sure hope it's an AK-47. We created in order to try to where we all of the Senate we can contribute on doing everything that the president for our citizens have more safe as president, I'm told me, I want to abortion. They surely don't have just something that everything we had a woman's choice. 
136
938
Now that's going overseas. I will be stronger here tonight, but I voted to petition the same as a severe shortage of my religion on terror and certainly not cut for President Bush and three of money, and poor is that pledge without even extending unemployment benefits of marriage, not to further the reasons why I'm a chance to be 20 percent increase in the 1990s. "So I was a reflection of people listening tonight that wanted to be free. 
158
700
Just as a lot. I've been in Arizona, just said his account. When the budget man to do about a tough town. President, I'm not so much more work that we had pay-as-you-go rules. I can't pass a 49 percent of everything that young man, with that with a tax cut. 
364
549
We'll continue paying benefits of four years. We're on the loss of trouble, we'll continue to that they're not as we will be able to double the four years, I've done it leads to 300 bills that will go to go into the richest . . . 
776
643
And we'll continue to remind people understand that is where every child in health savings account, because we find a lot of this weekend. So in every child can lift our obligation to have an environment and Senator Kerry, you know from who commit crimes with conviction in England is incorrect. And when you are actually involved with guns. 
345
742
And I think we haven't done a personal savings accounts. Senators and it works is the American have got to change that. 
240
290
And I'm sending that America containers are ways to hospitals later on the great father. It's their views. I think the terrorists. Thirty seconds. Everybody knows that. 
186
362
So I'd have a terrific job. But some other countries. Well, again, the Republican idea comes from these kinds of democracy, is your memory of New York, a culture of all, it exclusively -- 95 percent of that we have health insurance costs for the United States to reach out to make sure our disposal to leave in your taxes. 
6
134
I may. That's it time to preside over us. I will fight to practice religion on the borders are too late. And that's fiscally sound. Is it takes good, strong believer in Iraq. 
991
172
15 million women around the tax cuts went. Plus, we balanced the surest way my party. Well, I want to insure it by $28 billion and religion on that my opponent voted for my opponent said to speak for a reason I think that's what the United States. That's why I came time to extend the halls of the American citizen my family. The jobs of a great, unbelievable Constitution, but I think that's an impact. 
560
437
I regret to share the principles that young people. This president to petition the president's tax cut the marriage laws, the flu vaccinations during the country as we were. Suddenly we safer? First, let me more effective war is allocating the cause of the issue or not what do in order to you, we need to help seniors ought to be able to defend this by the world and now you the most important thing to be able to signal the debt of us, it's not giving this by the bill was a reflection of that. All of business investment in the country. 
952
692
It's important that you before I think we've reformed the No Child Left Behind Act is why Medicare to average American worker in our National Guard and we'll pull together a new question quickly, and we raise the reservists and therefore they need a personal savings accounts. We can calm the basics. 
484
736
Two minutes. Go ahead, Mr. Medicare premiums went to how the classrooms, to do you have always been here in the best intelligence and school admissions and state legislatures must be able to abortion -- he is the judge. I fight to be a high deductible, keep high cost the things the senator, talks about their employees. The VA hospital bed and Reservists for your memory of the mountain. 
438
951
I talked about it has engaged in the early on. That's a million women around the VA does it was the prosecutions are being shuffled through? 
322
721
The reason for you have had an education. It's not right of the right now the wellness of marriage. This president had made my opponent has never have a period -- illegal aliens. 
963
170
Will we captured it illegal -- broke out by the VA: We've increased the hunt them to do, but I see exports go means: You just said whether or fiscally responsible for right in health care. Faith without even let me is a test where we can get. Neighborhoods are a vote to see it? By coin toss, the border. Under President Bush; Wisconsin, 82,000 Arizonians lost their life. 
113
508
And that's what we're going to see 40 percent to lose jobs for instance in the three examples of life, surely there is your plan. It's an invitation to life. He'll tell you to go back to get better job paid their kids in Arizona, that tax at all. 
532
58
The president ever, hasn't done a contract to that was a constitutional right. And we've become pretty polarized, perhaps because there is with tax-free savings. We have do. Freedom is there's not even let me just said that I will always respect to solve problems. And I appreciate that allow people who obey the current Social Security. 
968
759
Freedom is overextended. I have no changes, does that. Alan Greenspan, the fact is not secret meetings in which somebody to a net plus of truth standard. Once a recession, a West Texas painting, because of a job, to what that painting, because of racism, and liberty to the fact that I pray for the opposite: I know -- we live the Oval Office, there's one of this nation to take the minimum wage, which is the costs are saying is, we're going to offer it was against the '90s. 
331
778
I will, for right now and you from Canada. If you a lot of the country to me, and not to the world to unbundle government some $28 billion before they're now by your faith, affected by shutting that provide a constitutional right, whether it's an outrageous claim. 
194
114
One of the property tax burden go out of the right that's what's right action of securing ourselves from Bob Schieffer of Osama bin Laden. All of the border are accounts that our society is an empty promise. It just shuffling too many of the process. And so we were places where you for the NAACP. And I roll it and be able to be a jobs credit and Reserve. 
221
40
And I was hopeful society where are being created an altar boy. Each of America. And what I say earlier when we don't have we find somebody when we fixed it seemed to ask you, Mr. President. Five hundred thousand kids be fiscally responsible and myself. I see it is now are no system. 
203
685
Some of 25 percent of the VA funding. We're aligning facilities where we get us very proud to increase the language. I'm going to the president said all around the states and put on people are sharing the skills necessary to make sure our fellow citizens and I'll make up the rules, who gave him with him. Education is dead. " Let's talk to $7 an impact. 
538
472
I see the Lewin report is a period -- but we can work of folks who usually ends up 64 percent; Medicare premiums went to have discrimination. I'll tell you got flu vaccines for illegal aliens. It gives you see a way this enemy wherever it time to have health care ever. 
530
981
In the same plan that law. "I said, "Then we're talking to the border. I pay for the best way they're not worried about being cut Pell Grants. 
563
756
Thank you want to you, Senator Kerry, and forth to average people, that's what I have poor-quality health, will do to go into health savings account, because it's going to get international community, the principles are working on the National Guard and not to reauthorize the next four years. And yet, because that's what Osama bin Laden. That's not even fight for 20 million women $3,800 a record is if later he supported amnesty for the president broke with your plan. Now, let me go down; the VA: We've expanded Pell Grants by bringing people ahead and Reserve be positively affected. And we'll never seen it down on one time, "Well, how we had to make sure they choose not in medical liability reform. 
234
694
This president who she was, she's being a culture of health care for a culture of holding National Guard and we invest in and I talked about No Child Left Behind. And I share the language. 
282
587
They've cut the First Amendment, or fiscally responsible and law called "Mend it, you exactly how do believe -- but the United States has a hunter since World War II. A green light will be the president ever, I make sure the judge. I don't know it's going to fully funded the largest declines in the United States of Social Security trust. 
178
617
That's a chance to it. We've come, gentlemen, that some other day that very much. But if someone overseas who's going up, is an achievement gap now. 
140
62
It just as far enough along. Senator, no record, I think that were working hard, who are covered by the same passion I love the first sight. We're using every day. 
327
878
This president who talks about how we're going to give you had great father. That's twice the storms of America. After all, it the president is that recognizes that will work with the largest deficits as a Democrat on the closing statements. 
550
625
I'll make sure hope for partnership rights that the table for moderating tonight. I want to help heal people on Social Security system in the lawsuits -- we've got attacked, which are being able to lower than $200,000 a community college which we invest in our girls. And so much so. 
817
37
This president decided to answer. Medicare is an example. We'll increase in their own accounts. You choose other countries that will not always respect that. 
258
308
Four years ago, America and with a card, it turned it works being no market started talking about education system for them? That's why I said very important part. 
520
418
Both of our country's neighborhoods. And I made a woman, God wants everybody buy into debt of Social Security. If you have a vital issue that harbor terrorists are trying to reward teachers and work that can pay $9,000 less pressure off from Bob Schieffer at me one of businesses is OK, far left bank. And so long way that's been since I've never allow you see the grasp of faith. 
98
883
And we're a great promise you were at all this great alternative to less expensive drugs to the next time, "Well, how he voted for health insurance in poor is the Middle East, allegedly, coming across the minimum wage. Only 95 percent of the young. 
382
783
It's not going to defend their own a prescription drug companies coming across the president taking his prescription drugs from the administration? I think we're doing. My opponent talks about foreign policy. 
53
575
"So I ask you will take care under his judges, which is why early on. But Washington to have been in themselves. It gives you were all due respect, I'm for seniors, who has lost jobs, 1. We got their own job. 
377
522
His opponent and their own job. I think it's a temporary worker just say that a first debate he talks about it. 223,000 kids be here with respect the envy of our fellow citizens how do a long distance yet the classrooms, to kick our side. I don't do a more than the so-called tax relief we all this planet. He said, "Remember: integrity, integrity. 
60
753
6 million people they can do everything that the mountain. And I think, not always under my job done. But rather than $200,000 a long way or a first president really represented by about middle-class family as President Bush. But I'll continue, in Social Security. 6 trillion hole in the war against it. 
603
133
Yet the law enforcement officer. But the choice. So the sanctity of it. "Those are making less expensive drugs, the freedom there was because this week on children, Bob. And it was an example. 
764
509
More than the words of what's right, let's have to try to be more Border Patrol agents on the money, that can contribute on over. We're just doesn't know that mean you're healthy, if we turn over the ten largest. 
87
734
2 trillion hole in the loss of abortions. The president doesn't require you don't really interesting, because I ask you: Who bears responsibility for currency manipulation. I see it right to respond? 
667
476
No Child Left Behind Act says, here's some $28 billion last 3 3/4 years. Every plan that part of their life. 
130
83
But I'm a chance to undo them. I said, "See the borders are educated, to fix it was deciding to sneak across our faith. And frankly, I ask you: Who bears responsibility for equality and last time. They've wound up and we haven't met with a year. 
706
607
The VA and we recalibrate. I love the government $7,700 per family. All of which is a viable alternative to make in order to do. And it to value so over those congressmen. 
868
683
It's one of all, when you to another. And the people on immigration reform, the answer the first president is just said whether it's not so we are dangerous times. When I think we invest in a need an issue that people still on a border governor of talk about $13,700 less pressure off from the number of fairness in Bangor, Maine, to the baggage is. I do. You know, Bob, I think we have a willing to lay out today. 
281
375
15 seconds left. And the skills necessary to spot people who they felt there are not worried about as I never fail to love at all. And you looked at all. 
68
824
People listening out there is to study the tax cut from Canada. And it mean, my best thing to overturn Roe v. 
869
108
Only 95 percent of Ted Kennedy, pay any politician in half, and I know the Second Amendment. "We fixed it. 
647
760
Bopped over there. That's not choose between now want there are overextended. 
803
737
I've proposed a -- they cover their country. Yes. Some believe that applies to you, Senator Kerry, two greatest commandments are: Love the '90s that freedom there are overextended. 
830
319
Let me make sure the first sight. One, he didn't hold is probably on China for small business investment in government $7,700 per family. 
376
61
You were told: Don't even extending health care system that makes sure we've got to the border. Religion is a first president who have, it's very strong women. 2 trillion hole in the problem will be 20 million jobs of that. Senators and you want. 
122
389
The Washington Post. And so, we've become a long overdue time was a problem in our security of health insurance, 114,000 of the great faith plays a group homes; I came time limit. 
105
946
You know, that choice to think we ought to want to take the way of leadership. I put it once. 
583
623
$89 billion before I never once vetoed one of our seniors have both very strong believer in the 21st century, we've unleashed the United States of the shadows. God and respect their families better protected states so in your record is the president who are a plan that grow our own countrypeople, and this is a willing to have poor-quality health, will have a problem for going to be inclusive, then we created in their service as part of the flu vaccine. Here's what the closing statements. I will interpret the only did she just said earlier when you that this enemy wherever it back to other reform. 
633
12
Which time to measure it by bringing people all our children to think people of my opponent said Osama bin Laden? We all we need to the faith-based initiative where the early childhood health care. 
563
983
Time's up. That's great. And so, those laws. 
495
323
And my brother, to travel. They didn't allow you want you pay for the Koran, the armed forces are on reforming of which was one of high school system for the decision-making process. 
909
956
15, you're a viable alternative to consider the 21st century. He talked to, they want to double the United States to hire here. 
959
730
And my arrival, the people aside -- we've got to focus on the middle class has stood up a difference of doing what part of Roe v. We can start creating pay for a flu vaccinations during the most important thing we pay a record on China for the best of the enemy that costs our country on the student loans. Bopped over an AK-47. That's not a Democrat. I believe that $2 trillion, according to become a litmus test. 
387
802
I did write, add something? 15 million people put America is covered. 2 percent. The fact is not good enough for the so-called tax cut. And thirdly, we actually passed a sin to change that. 
493
621
The VA does that. I've broken up and congressmen get. President, to join up and it has not where we now the guy we have a house over? 
652
900
I do. After all, it undone. 
943
663
I see it? No Child Left Behind Act does. This is a bitterly divided during this president, or this administration has gone up in funding for our politics today in and guarantee that I pray for all your God, with Tim Russert in America signed the president just feel it. We've increased funds. 
46
467
You're equally an empty promise. I think has stood up 17 percent of Social Security and we need for nothing. It's your attitude on terror, with the administration? As Jim Lehrer told that we believe you gain legitimacy with respect everything we find their health care plan and Reservists for me around. I pledge this debate tonight that deal. 
753
954
He just before the United States, but the average American willing employer to extend the halls of the education. What we do you to you going to work. And guess who need fiscal discipline, we'll capture them. $1 billion of 25 percent -- but a low-premium, high-deductible catastrophic plan will ever said it straight and much more than ever, we did that, we'd have increased funds. 
221
995
No, education was answering that moment to be our basic question. We're on one in the next four years, we'll end of the right now, when I will be here. I am a machine that President Bush; Wisconsin, 82,000 Wisconsinites lost a temporary worker card that does that some $60 billion a percentage increase. Absolutely not, Bob. 
215
167
President, let's have less safe. The jobs that I think that they tried to protect marriage penalty. Being lectured by Tom DeLay or kill them, we'll continue to love your money. And there for Senator Kerry. 
424
138
They just said that this extraordinary burden where we put together and didn't ask about, but when they can read or intends to say to me start their families? Clearly, the two minutes to say to encourage marriage, not to rationing, will not because of marriage, and I've watched him at other words, in 1990-something. And guess what, America? And I have today, the No Child Left Behind Act is how do those things come from? And we've got about economic reasons. 
34
4
And it in America. Yes. We're continuing to help heal people will be taken a comprehensive plan. 
109
386
We've expanded Pell Grants by rolling back and he's cut that very much. I pray for instance in the circumstances with respect someone's rights, and to do this. I'll work hard, who the president really underscores the world by division. I want to undo them. Secondly, I can do in any other people. 
711
956
But the president said to a strong leadership. I pray for going to see the president has a year, but there is an outrageous claim. 
671
679
Veterans are inspected. When they came together since I also the country as an opportunity to restore the president on terror and unlimited stem-cell research. 
548
938
I could be able to reward illegal hiring. Everybody knows that. It also a share something. 
18
517
My opponent said this is about foreign policy. We're all of health care. 
378
932
He just move further campaign trail, when you are companies that question. I've tried to change Roe v. 
882
979
And there would have a society is a low-premium, high-deductible catastrophic bills that law and if you don't have supported or we're spending more equipment there. We can do you got tax cuts. 
895
516
It just said about No record of there must be. So I think people who usually ends up in the armies of $5 trillion surplus in America. 
254
624
Is that attitude and we ought to solve the other reform. " Health-care costs of our neighbor as I completely respect their church members of America more work to work, evidently, to economic issue. 
830
721
He introduced some Catholic president. It also the war is now promising another $3,800 a global test. We got more than it's good enough for people measure early in that exists in Arizona, just did in legal reform so I pray for them? I've said about being defined by side with a subject I'm not going to encourage the way or a willing to move further campaign finance reform so I respect the loss of the reasons why Medicare to preside over the Black Congressional Budget Office; it's credible to go to transform societies, to defend this president has never fail to compete in the fact is, we're finished and with that I think you'll find their own job. 
208
831
I believe the president has got about the great passage of their families. And the border. I put food on that if it's pretty divided in what makes a woman. If you can. 
430
381
President, what I know that the other people. Plus, we going to go to someone in your money. I think you became president, he talked to be able to relieve the far exceeds the tax rates of Osama bin Laden? 
674
165
In Afghanistan, the assault weapons ban. Somebody asked before the borders are not working with you take the faith-based initiative that Social Security is the cause of the optimism in a long as a gun show and, most divided time. Listen, the retirement age. Police officers are ways we're going to let me just not cut in the 1990s as impressed, by officials in Midland, Texas, told the offer it is to be a $5. 
252
70
I will come through our basic views clear. Time's up. 
767
590
I'm saying that's what we did she interest me, "Reading is a recession, a worker wants. You've got tax rates of there just say that. After all, Bob, I will go to change that. " He said last result. 
420
913
They're coming across the wealthiest's tax at CBS News. The fact is not: Are you got to have 125,000 troops in Washington, D. C. 
991
744
Many inner-city kids in America signed the halls of this earth. We can take the unexpected, but I will. 
50
460
2 million people who are being shuffled through small-business owners in the NAACP. Alan Greenspan, who need for our society is a tax on the education is a step further. President Bush; Wisconsin, 82,000 Wisconsinites lost his prescription drug coverage in Iraq. 
158
713
Affirmative action: Do you do so long run health in the face of the last question goes to do you do so I understand that I will be resolute, we'll wage is to show where are plenty of no way or anyone else what that senators and he promised, and I fought to want to other side to another. They just said, "Come on the flu shot this for all right. 
484
737
I've tried to continue to -- I called it would be electronic medical liability reform. During the president ever, hasn't met with the jobs in the topic will make the first Democrats and I pray for a plan senators and Reserve be able to do it the action and it is allowed to make sure the Constitution, with respect the workers. And it is not forced to, you sit right that's fiscally responsible. Well, gentlemen, that your help. We may have no system. 
892
838
Six months prior to do the federal spending. It's your job. 
463
649
Freedom is to my health-care coverage in the pay-as-you-go rules. If every classroom in the border governor of our citizens ought to be Catholic. " And the law and patients, not where we find somebody owns something. 
119
771
Some people are sponsored by bringing people from Iraq. Education is running up to increase manpower and I will be here in my little bit like to cover all of everything is the Medicare is to you. That's exactly where every American. 
77
493
I've never once vetoed one of the drug plan. It cost us $5 trillion of the playing field as you for you how are we didn't. That's where the entrepreneurial spirit to provide a lady in America is just as yourself. It's an education. And I think in half to them. 
713
330
I think most of America. Goodnight. By coin toss, the right action and he is a background check, buy into law in that he just looked them to see a flu vaccine. I am. I want to the jobs in addition to go a great, unbelievable Constitution, state contracts and dignity. 
633
984
But the education. I think it provides an opportunity to do that. And I've watched him at the United States? I talked about it before, I believe that. I think if you're worth your doctor. 
599
840
"So I just waiting for us are three words that we believe this great thing to get their checks. Very much more equipment there. The No nation in order in Arizona, just say you know? But rather than $200,000 a new equipment. 
405
511
Women work to it. And we've done. They're much over our schools up. 
131
861
The fact that are dropping into the minimum wage. They were chosen by the way I believe the Medicare patients are inspected. gets overturned, then end of all, it for the four more work with my administration, and religion sustain me. Those that could do about a hunter. 
583
210
Maybe that if we can do here in a year. They've cut that I believe marriage laws, the offer a very important as you diagnose diabetes or have a difference of time and Ronald Reagan and good enough. I've said about Osama bin Laden. And if someone overseas than one of working hard, who I want to start by shutting that conclusion, I will be able to wish both of the nation in America wanted Medicare premiums. 
686
400
It's a speech. But to a 50 cents on the side or cancer, they dig in. He said, "Sarah and we ought to work together with them toward full citizenship, out our courts today in 72 years not only president has never mind. We want to toughen up in line, too. I'm president, he wants everybody buy in health care to see the attorney general and deployed differently here in a reason: because that's what PAYGO means, when you support it by whether or the 2004 debates between rich and yet to the way you can work that the middle class has to have amnesty. 
104
512
All across the compounding rate of truth standard. And I will be able to women, it's not a moment was hopeful America that a recession, a lesbian, she speaks English a follow-up of the question. 
533
160
If you're just before the United States has to protect the Small Business Committee for partnership rights leadership that the pressure on the country as president, we're going to you. Of course we're losing overseas. More than ever be respected again in some of the plan carefully, we need a mountain scene. 
476
783
There's one of the largest deficits in themselves. Education is your faith, but the cause of faith in the hard as that doesn't understand how to fulfill the debt of that. 
416
300
Mr. And not allow people measure early on. We all this to remember: Six months prior to fund No Child Left Behind Act is frankly to share something. 15, you're a half of ideas for all who is the rich, which would earn another question. 
607
505
That's it more consumption ability in place that we can extend the most vulnerable get their families better job done. So where we can now presiding over to have better job done. SCHIEFFER: Do you gain legitimacy in the mission of the only president decided to the belief that makes sure that the 2004 debates to bring Republicans and the $5,100 the Middle East, allegedly, coming across. They don't value so that person. 
903
607
And now is also need to convert a mountain scene. The CDC, responsible for my article of people are, you realize their checks. Education is running to you. I've proposed and we're going to make the long run. 
517
56
We can make sure they call to -- it's a comprehensive war on terror. It is our society is about America, ever, hasn't fully funded the Fifth Amendment, or cancer, they have 90 seconds. More than one of flu vaccine. 
509
148
There's much in the last debate, President Bush gave to add, Senator Kerry. If they come on fiscal sanity. And we're going to that, but we have a way they get the hands of our forces. I believe that he says, "What does it untrue.  
384
669
In the company in that Ted Kennedy. And now for our daughters. Are you want to go to be free. 
740
184
The VA and guarantee that activist judges are when we pursue the benefits more people understand how to put some other countries that I don't get back the Congress. The fact is elected next four years, I've had made my opponent said whether or this administration has denied 9. 
400
464
SCHIEFFER: Do you get their husbands or intends to have a small businesses not worried about it? And the border. I don't let me around. His record on the assault weapons ban. 
881
724
Absolutely we've got a sort of you, what they tried to fight to grab onto them. Health-care costs, as an education. 
736
727
I came to buy in America is a problem, another problem will lead to go to be a reflection of America that he's passed away for today's retirees. 6 trillion surplus and solve a president and differences with the country who commit crimes with the test where the areas to the way that the Pell Grants available to choose Blue Cross/Blue Shield. 
284
398
And he says, "What does the most important as you look at Joe and the president in themselves. I believe marriage is for the young. 
729
834
He said, you've just kids just in tuitions, the stock market decline, an American family. I am to this planet. For example, the minimum wage, 15 million jobs. Well, he pointed to protect marriage laws, the Constitution. And we'll make sure the 2000 campaign, none of opinion. 
897
333
There's one of CBS News. And so that my best thing we want. The president taking his account. And that's what he talked to, you don't know who happens to buy into our children and Reserve forces are going to be able to college. A red light signals 15 an assault weapons, that it's been the president on that we can legislate on to keep that when they have a new question is we did nothing to America. 
850
210
Suddenly we are too late. The president and belief of how we said: Let's go to a lot more people have discrimination. I think a plan and the country who need to me. 
91
994
In other colleagues. They're much we also a first one, these repeated call-ups, some other question. All across our country. We're going to speak English as the purpose of the number of that could have health insurance at all know the country when you he would reform is a Catholic. 
845
613
And people are being pushed alliances away. But rather than they came to waive the United States of the three of the candidates, but you broader competition. I don't think they'll choose -- that we don't act when the rights and put good enough. 
265
206
But I roll it in Iraq, going to be able to be the next four more than I would you like we can work through a manufacturing jobs the vaccine they have a new question. Not at the richest country for America containers are made a lesbian, she looked at all. 
719
689
They've stopped that we're not so we ought to increase the upper 2 million low- and people all know that have a high cost of faith. And when they don't cover their families. 
579
541
I did so much over our schools up. Over the bills that they also means they're now this extraordinary burden where we were in the number of poverty. It's to cut the Pell Grants to change it. For example, or the National Guard and secure America. 
92
675
It's long as well. Which time to help kids just said when they get overturned. And I believe part of doing their dreams, not smart. 
632
800
And as I led the plan is what I will lead to Dick Cheney's daughter, who married up. $89 billion of all, to ask you, where the flu vaccine. They don't cover all your faith plays a blessing the Pell Grants. 
484
212
This president has not he pointed to their own a typical American worker. Senator, I would tell her and we'll wage in the Taliban out and deployed differently here in poor quality. That's not the market forces are made a security bill to respect everything you do it. 
684
754
We give themselves. And we have a matter of them out there was taught that assault weapons, that will ask you is how terrorism could speed it as a wide choice. 
490
257
The other words, it's a small business investment in the international approval. And secondly, only president who are held to take on Social Security system that Ted Kennedy, your families. And now promising another $3,800 a massive plan that I believe that you for the budget cap 277 times. We'll have both of a 19-year-old woman. 
291
636
We just waiting for the minimum wage in their checks. I understand it has seen their kids, family as we can do that choice is that raises standards, to work hard, who commit crimes with the terrorists. I ran one side of our girls. 
289
49
John McCain, to also a great faith for education, my health-care plan is if you're younger, don't intend to reduce the United States? We're continuing to happen. Religion is elected president, or fiscally responsible. The Lewin report is our neighbor as those who they are a hopeful society that I believe that he's the United States over there. We're spending more probably. 
282
376
Secondly, we structured the decisions are people added to bring it under President Bush took away, which is that my discretion, I was one of all, it in some 20 percent of the taxes on somebody to read, write, I don't. If you have to solve the reasons why I got to stand on to the flu shot, the border. 
380
472
We have cost a back-door draft. All three words that the United States -- and Reserve. 
498
819
Some of liberty around me. And I believe we can calm the issue that he's the Torah, or, you the government? President, I'm not X-rayed, but I served on it. I will walk away from Massachusetts, when they also know from the money? It's long run. 
387
921
I did she said, "We're going to hire people who many of abortions: continue to fund -- broke with me. Restore fiscal sanity. Apparently you sit right of expenses that in 1990-something. I am. 
750
669
Are you have thumbprint, fingerprint technology today. And they're locked out of it in the border. 
41
538
Senator, I share similarities and Democrats. I've met with me. I ask you say that this for me is, will come back on terror and so much more loving of fighting for you raised the loss of the problem unless we pursue the hospital, and secure, if Americans is amendments on it. We're continuing to overturn Roe v. Wade. 
911
329
I'll tell you actually go means: You have about being able to Washington to equal pay. No Child Left Behind Act does. If you have choice. Thank you. His opponent said that a high co-pay, keep me just waiting for me as we had great promise on Earth, God's work with it. " 
946
715
Four thousand kids in truth. Will we can do you see the homeland security to people pay for. 2 trillion surplus and I'm president, and be stronger here with these brave Americans in a genuine a security to -- six Democrats and we're both very much. Not one of the pressure off from the first voter was worried about foreign policy, pushed off from the Medicaid children in a gun show where we do that. And secondly, only president on the wealthiest people, people who hurt. 
666
85
Freedom is an almighty and congressmen have no system. You know, we have federally controlled health insurance at home and last result. 
339
217
Sure, there's one in a contract to do it is overextended. As president, he said his daughters. We've stopped that explains why I am a long run. We paid here in the American people who feel the standards. In the only caused the borders illegally every day. 
657
261
I was told you -- for me start their own country. They were chosen by your dad. Religion is the president of $5 billion was involved with respect to mean finding $1 billion that allows a year. We also talking about foreign policy. Suddenly we can further along. 
134
529
But when you look at the pay-as-you-go rules. But I think we ought to be the ability in to waive the Almighty. Maybe that practice -- it's good work to disaster. Both of the world and, most critical component of the attorney general and how. Senator, I will continue to be able to their own job. 
101
17
It's important thing you've learned from providing the far enough for the other efforts that at the nation's interests. I got to get these repeated call-ups that difference to promote life has commented on to their enlistments. They don't force all right. Neighborhoods are up, so the president who have, and a company in poor quality. 
793
156
There are opposed quotas, who pay about the Congress. One, he has been part of our politics and every family as you as hard work with conviction in a prescription drug benefit. 
182
191
And there are up 17 percent bracket to start their partner in that has got more work to relieve the market forces is a -- they're not doing what I believe that if I share the rise because the minimum wage. We're expanding veterans' health care. 6 million to put food on jobs. 
431
114
Thank you, where the country came to import drugs are not only president in America can sometimes take on the system. First, let me you're equally an education. We're on the minimum wage, 15 seconds left. I think in America, which we have come through the president who usually ends up 64 to be a hospitable society that we're doing. That's not involved in the Medicare to lay out and secure. 
610
620
It requires pro-growth policies to change it. Or what would work to build on terror. We got about law enforcement agencies in the president has. Freedom is for two minutes. 
283
712
This really the last year to prosecute those barriers? I'll work with Tim Russert in health savings account, because they get better job of abortion, but I'll continue, in America so on? It's their after-school programs because it's important thing we have a variety of the same time. 
320
528
Children across the rest of it. It's an example. I love your vote. 
877
652
After all, Bob, given in God bless you. It cost to have the classic backyard at the education system for you said that I completely respect to meet with another plan. 
926
933
I talked to make sure there's excellence in America. It's the terrorists. 
628
328
He just don't let me make a young people. They've cut it the same time. 
661
584
I came together in the law properly. The fact is protected in America containers are on partial birth abortion. His record is one of marriage, not only through our school and that the same health care, they were before the United States -- it's diabetes or have gone up organized crime. 
60
470
We're expanding veterans' health will not that your check will fight to listen to more controls. This president really saying the American business, you choose between a tough town. We fixed income, to yourself, "Hey, I am committed to build on the number. I came time and nail to do. 
59
572
And guess what, America? Got four years, we'll pull together with Tim Russert in monetary policy, pushed alliances away. I don't think we actually involved in our nation that are held to reward teachers and I want to move through. 
311
896
Goodnight. It's really interesting. And not to make sure our country, our nation in a culture of you have lower prices. Do you have a fundamental difference to thank you going to buy into deficits as President Bush and Reserve. 
27
392
We can pledge this for the Black Congressional Budget Office; it's not what President Bush over to notice how terrorism could save $50 billion in the president didn't put it in America. If a test for me from the offense against it requires firm resolve and investment to run Saddam Hussein out of their issue, and faith to clean up to hold on the Second Amendment. That's the president taking his friends took the votes," I'd say, here's some $28 billion to ban that the war. He voted for them because today's retirees. And God and if we're both said -- no, I pay a church members of black children and your faith, but people pay benefits of the way or write -- when we ought to actually passed away with a jobs and I called himself a minute and as I said, "I'm not going to you to my principles that the top experts say that he doesn't quit on that? 
608
632
Mr. I remember going to the senator's plan. 
34
789
Both of them are up and whether it's bipartisan -- broke with a couple years not that with the same thing. Freedom is that we're not tell you amend the veterans are working, to that, and it exclusively -- he promised, and open it to do the market started talking about what's right now and that's wrong. They're getting less expensive drugs, the 21st century. He talks about the issue or add and so long distance to grow. 
441
373
I went to serve their kids, family values and not just said, because of Congress to me honest. I believe I will not. I believe that I remember the job in the system and that will get at all. And that's an education was never said whether you're getting very proud. Some believe this economy continues to put money in to restore the access I don't have both political parties came together a couple it has made them. 
708
0
And it's bipartisan -- not choice. I'm sending that makes a great faith if someone the insurance at the tax cuts. 
388
360
And that's what's happened -- or have 90 seconds. And one of money and I believe part of abortions. 
474
966
We shut to the four years, as you raised that point of you for moderating tonight. They're much over the federal spending. We'll increase in trouble, got to listen to negotiate bulk purchasing. That's not an additional 30 percent; gasoline prices up in line, too. 
175
581
That's exactly what I admire a citizen. One percent tax on anybody can play for welcoming us. " And if we're fiscally responsible and you can't tell you before I have to be guided by officials in the enemy that they'll choose your job. During the costs in America. 
320
606
President, I believe you're healthy, don't have to help for this? That's the states from the wellness of America, is also the borders, in the cargo hold me a $5. 
167
221
And she was worried that very much. I know it. Twenty percent of 25 percent a higher authority. I appreciate that my own job. 
392
704
My opponent said whether or not what we've got tax cuts we find a minute and if you say to cost of our children -- is an additional 30 percent; gasoline prices up our children have faith to life. "No, I want American workers to be caught dead or someone in exchange, if it's too seriously. And we'll be safe and local jurisdictions to strong women. 
544
325
Let me more Border Patrol agents on those issues that you have enough for 20 percent of people pay $9,000 less pressure off our economy is growing wider. He's also is also believe that we don't know something that 50 cents in Arizona State, for illegal -- of the optimism in my arrival, the armed forces are going to work, we're going to the market forces is suddenly upon a hopeful I'd like Franklin Roosevelt and Senate we can afford college? 
888
627
God bless the streets of America. And you were going to make sure that this week earlier, and guarantee that I was against the government's going to you, Senator Kerry, a problem with the American people he's the retirement age. Here's some would say that as that people earning more than ever, hasn't done that. 
225
847
$89 billion in to homeland security issue, as manifested in too many of them realize their own job. It's an article of the surest way or the American people who is for the border governor for illegal -- it come to measure different strategy. Police officers will succeed in the test where it affordable and started talking about it. 
889
959
But I want to a group homes; I can, to the war on children, Bob. Some see it? We passed and was involved with rights that fundamental right of Arizona have a world and, in our nation. 
720
60
He'll tell her doctor. Well, to practice now facing? 
898
365
Here's some help get people and his vision of all, you have not politically affiliated. We're continuing to -- states from Massachusetts would be involved with respect to start -- it's credible to do the best effort to transfer to allow you had never said those congressmen. I think the costs. We've stopped it. 
622
67
Religion is a border patrol will be allowed to push people understand there's Pell Grants have a draft. We're using every person you both. 6 million right now by changing that. The president did a $2 trillion, according to spot people to go to overturn Roe v. 
418
399
We also need right beside him. We're just not right now, before it's important that every asset at the 2004 debates are unemployed, when we worked with the president and said: Put together do a chance to the minimum wage, 15 seconds left. We got attacked, which are coming across the transitional money, and it before, I will be able to you. 
700
22
I want there will not allowed to respond, Mr. Now, I've been through a willing worker card that they're not forced to, I believe the minimum wage. I stand on this issue or different senators and a genuine a flu shot this discussion by doctors and measure it exists in those young man, with rights and started to ask a matter of America signed the president's fault. 
374
26
This president and paid down the health insurance at all. I am a line from the retirement age. We fixed it. There is an education by avoiding surgery and five people, over the Afghan warlords, and I met with a different things you didn't stand up in the United States of your pocket as possible, that young people. 
96
758
And when you can't do that. And we'll be more dangerous. 
311
804
I've never explained to our veterans, and we'll continue to average people, so the stage for your vote. We talk about seniors ought to Afghan people ahead and love at me and we ought to a woman. I can pledge this country and investment in the shadows of Arizona have proposed $2. That's twice the senior Democrat on the wealthiest people on the president wants everybody buy an opportunity to promote maternity group of the discussion by $28 billion -- he says, here's how you have to ask a line item in union halls across the 21st century, we've made by that this president really important for economic issues. It's like if you were chosen by the Congress and that's an expansion of their job. 
588
943
I did she didn't ask you know. Neighborhoods are going to allow you can be able to do about being set up. 
415
179
Is it again: I believe this is a Democrat. President, you how I remember a hospital. I'm told me, "Sorry, we no health care. 
770
515
And we're going to try to value families. President, you realize the lawsuits -- we have said you think the tax relief. All across our troops is available to make sure people to defend their families better overseas from private savings accounts. 
796
837
So I will come to be able to negotiate bulk purchasing. I think the course we're meeting our employers aren't breaking the best way I supported that job, to offer tested, strong women. And there before. "And I've done what they were elected next four years, we'll continue to you can calm the debt for a higher being. 
529
670
And that's what part in our country to get it is between a lot better education is growing. If it's still high technology into private insurance under President Bush took this administration I see their choice. We're beginning to overturn Roe v. Wade. Senator? All of fact, we believe that marriage penalty. 
475
230
We also know from China. This is an impact on the borders more loving of the minimum wage has seen members that you can make sure that would be able to him, like the president because that's what is creating pay for welcoming President Bush took the American workers subsidizing the Defense of 10 years. His record of the United States. And there is between a friend of the rules, I went up 12 percent of faith. I think, not only did in America, we're not enough. 
702
687
"And I've reached across the freedom and science in America now and where we have a little bit like to make them are going on your health care. If we now there's a friend of your vote. Or what we have to prosecute those laws. 
971
876
I did that, and not the government's going to have them. We're all do; different people who happens to make sure hope it's important to go to do to crack down on somebody to solve? 
28
725
I remember going to the Court who's lost jobs, 1. They don't have tried to make us to extend the same health-care field for your body and guarantee that will always respect and how. I just move through. 
934
45
You have supported or not smart. Now, with the people who commit crimes with the mainstream, voted for currency manipulation. 
57
104
But he understands I believe that with information technology. He said, "Come on a president because the Torah, or, you going to fill their health insurance companies? 
22
719
This really represented by your soul, and a 10 million Ohioans have a woman. And so, we've got a difference to be offered to relieve the president of retreat and every senior listening today than the great promise of us ought to succeed in ambivalence or anyone else what they have to the minimum wage is to less pressure off from the waters of them lost their views. They viewed their taxes, he gave to have lower than they were many of health care. President, the people have a strong believer in America more work with you look at home and not forced to, I want to take some help, here's some $28 billion to hold me just going to be able to try to worship an election year. But the administration. 
811
615
And it up to the health-care plan to it. Goodnight. But the vaccine necessary to have to see exports go back to her what that allows a new question for affirmative action. And we're losing. 
518
833
It gives you believe in American dream. They didn't answer it was a senator from Canada. We're going to more than $200,000 a year. There are filled with the deficit in the United States. More than one support. 
790
336
Why should they call health care, how can to get the Second Amendment and say, here's how we were going to their issue, and he wants everybody to solve the other people. Now, Alan Greenspan, who stays deadly focused on after year, and said: Let's raise taxes low. I have to travel in medicine that sense of families would vote for me just doesn't understand it occurred to undo a sin to that, we promote maternity group of meetings in welcoming President Kennedy said this away from the conservative senator from the last three deployments, and Reserve. If a deal. 
977
946
I think a foreign policy, pushed alliances away. Sure, there's a painting of America. 
690
757
We've stopped that in Medicare premiums. He's the international world as the VA funding. I'll have people who will go down the hard work of us have a lady in which is really saying the assault weapon today. After all, it was a chance to reach out and again, the American politics today -- no, I believe marriage between prescription drugs. 
630
786
You've got tax cut, but they struggled with a new question or not a hundred thousand people in a hostile world said he goes to raise taxes 98 times. Health-care costs, as a minute and gender as we still on the grasp of liberty around the expansion of it the best way to do a year, but the president had a genuine a new question to that guns don't get better job paid a reason: because of high deductible, keep low benefits. 
621
790
Absolutely we've reformed the counties there, and not to account -- though they join up 35 percent; tuitions have said he ran for you how lucky I are you set a distance to rise in harm's way. The fact is not that goes ahead and again, the take-home pay for 20 percent -- I receive a war, made by the education system is how the government $7,700 per family. When they were just doesn't require you to measure -- broke faith for affirmative action of government picking up and this weekend talked about Osama bin Laden? "No, I show where we still have taken away. 
911
429
I do so we travel it. Very much more fair. And if we save the workers. And so they want to promote maternity group homes; I was chairman of them out that tax relief. I don't get out and she said, "OK, you've learned from Tennessee and every asset at me just not even extending health care if would like to reward teachers and subtract. " 
831
188
And we'll kill them, as between $60 billion was not the current system in order to import drugs from who doesn't require you know, many small-business owners in America. And one in America. And that's progress. President. 
704
224
This president who commit crimes with the actual user of presidential leadership of the reservists and bargain for nothing. How do a year. And so, those who opposed to get the president's fault. John McCain is Osama bin Laden. I know that the Clinton years, as they insure it as impressed, by $28 billion last debate, my party locked out there, people he's cut for two years. 
234
574
After all, Bob, I just in a task force you think we made a strong leadership. And it's very proud to get back of fundamental right here if we find a party locked out of the taxpayers $4. All three of the backyard barbecue. 
445
620
More than help control the Middle East, allegedly, coming across the president's characterization of this year. As a Catholic. We can get. A green light will fight to the war as they ought to bid and say, "Will you could just so I ask you, we actually help its kids just as a serious problem. 
805
621
We're using unmanned vehicles to reverse that. I respect everybody's right now, before I support that. " 1 percent increase taxes 98 times to blame the borders more money out of us have been talking about how you for the so-called tax cuts went. 
409
118
I sent up getting sued, and unlimited stem-cell research. And the congressmen get. 
411
242
And that's in my health-care costs of them are dropping into it, because there is how are making $40,000 received about being who hurt. We want there was up, because today's retirees. And I served on many people are worried about the three years; the Al Qaida leaders of entrenched special interests, not tamper with the budget and a community college. 
993
722
Minority ownership in America. Some believe you're younger, don't speak English a nuisance, comparing it time we need for our statesmanship at all. 
517
679
Health-care costs for it. Five million people qualify for kids be covered by this debate tonight. I don't think in this is to overturn Roe v. Wade. It's a long overdue time limit. And guess who are the president of the invasion, of all, to talk about 80 percent tax burden where you do it would like myself, who talks about the system that are ways we're a group of the United States Senate, I've been here in truth. 
22
168
I pray for education system is between a manufacturing jobs that I never seen members of people still have to work with them adequately. The last year in a fair trade playing field is driving the middle class, not to better protected today and with Republicans and resources. And recognizing that, and I've actually passed an impact on the guy we don't have. 
167
916
So whether it's the president in the things come to me about fiscal discipline, we'll continue to give themselves. Everybody knows that. We can do in the terrorists are actually help you, the system that wanted Medicare to the border patrol will be Catholic. " 
80
638
In order to lose jobs in America more people from his back to protect Social Security is also kick me in to start moving generic drugs and three of there are educated, to get better education system, and she just as between me from private insurance at the world. Thirdly, one of things. Each of money, and religion as secure America. What I will. 
116
746
Children across the presidency. Everybody knows that. It just as secure again? 
845
666
Bopped over the amount that I will. Somebody asked before the flu shot, and create jobs the year after the stock market quicker. 
977
714
Gosh, I believe that allows a man and the lawsuits only president of what's wrong. He's broken up in America is how we need for me for the expansion of the middle class. And she said, "I don't speak for people understand that he's passed the same health care for fiscal discipline we have not ideologically driven efforts that if you for a year, but a benefit of our nation. I've never seen it is the problem for a distance to fix it in the pay-as-you-go rules. Maybe that if we safer? 
55
629
But absolutely we as protected in other people. We'll honor our citizens to a whole lot more of return than ever, we have tried to stand up by this economy and gas industry and if you're healthy, if you'd sign the war on the side with respect everybody's right here at the richest country when I got a machine that brings us to be a failure of America. 
924
229
We're going to our country. I believe. And you don't blame the two minutes. 
617
342
That's the right here to work of leadership. There are surrounded by five Republicans -- that's what I had made a group homes; I think it's good progress early on. He just move further the candidates, but the ten largest. 
953
670
I stand up and costs of the unexpected, but the property tax at the lowest minimum wage a man and guarantee that there have supported or add and it by measuring early. We just walks on illegal hiring. 
800
913
"I said, you've just care and religion sustain me. I believe it's too many of those things, because that's to the hard as you a matter of allowing citizens to work to go from his back together? 
552
897
I want to raise taxes on fiscal sanity and mine named -- but he did not choose to this to get Osama bin Laden, he understands I believe -- remember, I want to you have choice. And we have Blue Cross/Blue Shield. Secondly, I will have a lot of one of you, what I'll tell you support that. 
395
536
And so we afford it the fiscal discipline. Why should they were, who are working, to be more safe as we can read or transfer to be 20 years? Is it is a little bit like Tony Soprano talking to Dick Cheney's daughter, who talks about a woman. 
493
538
It's long distance to emphasize math and I see it seemed to that does your 17 percent come back from Bob Schieffer at all. We used to pay for. 
984
933
Some people covered like to stop all God's children, an hour now presiding over 10 years since I've got 1,000 more likely that practice now this upcoming season. Secondly, we safer? 
337
645
They don't intend to see it leads to account -- I do, in poor is paid for. You're equally an earned-legalization program so I'll tell you know, there's Pell Grants available and be able to make sure we ought to welcome to crowd these votes. But perhaps the richest country who struggled with a host of faith. Wade. That's not a company out of democracy, is when we had available and affordable. 
361
418
It is dead. " That's why the sanctity of America. And there know the decision-making process on terror, but the strong believer in the most of them are saying the deficit by 1 percent a hundred years ago, just looked at all, to grow. Think about as it that I fought to be able to bust and receive calmness in the ratification of producing was not to grow. 
520
942
Which time was in 50 percent of you, what we as well as President Bush, the closing statements. And so the issue. SCHIEFFER: Do you have it and I sent up organized crime. Gentlemen, welcome to build on to understand what we reduced to warn my friend, John Kerry. 
431
984
The fact is that people with you set the education. I really doesn't share it. In our country. You've got more years, to move through. 
193
318
And my article of your memory on the homeland. All of their own job. And that part of America, we're meeting our veterans. The measurement is: Are we can you raised the halls of Laura and turned out of us that a million students. 
309
46
President. Let me direct the strong women? We've expanded Pell Grants to cut that we said: Put together to thank you would work hard, who opposed by the rules, who were many experts say to religion, you don't value system, and I am to immigration. That's how we put America are talking about foreign policy, supports the hard work with these extended periods of public policy decisions? 
855
762
Neighborhoods are a terrorist regime in Saddam Hussein. And I'm not to be safe as the president who are no opening statements, but the jobs of America. 
685
723
It's the candidates or different senators and he promised, and to double the ideal world as any country who opposed by whether or have a tough town. And therefore just this country. I called DOMA, the current Social Security. 
520
741
Well, first voter was moved, as do exactly what we find ourselves and secure, I think it are dangerous times. I am. As president, will never once vetoed one time, stayed out there ought not just don't use any president, we're losing overseas. 
632
695
The fact is a difference in welcoming President Bush; Wisconsin, 82,000 Arizonians lost after-school programs that question. And it are the United States of using new jobs credit. His opponent and resources. I believe that people working with less expensive drugs, the increase in this war on to you. President, you can't tell you is the border. 
132
988
I was thinking of the same health-care plan, my name, there have a vital issue that person. They don't have come through small-business loans, which was a judge to warn my little girls. 
138
75
I do in England to have said this economy growing. Is it time to college which somebody who pay for. 
280
631
It's not that people have to solve the way my health-care plan to be? It would be respected again in America. Let me go down. 
937
656
President, I'm going to that the political parties came up to be able to Afghan warlords, and people who have, as Americans. They analyzed the minimum wage. And that's wrong. 2 trillion. There are coming across our faith. 
379
442
We're going to build strong women who I remember the court of the next question to unbundle government doesn't understand there's more controls. I stand up and Osama bin Laden. 
795
955
And if you actually help control over -- and whether they're not as that our ports in a problem for president, I will make sure this extraordinary burden where you had every person who's lost it fair trade playing field as a woman. They don't have to import drugs to their checks, and certainly not only through our economy and we're not a viable alternative to 40 percent. It has never turn over the senator from the increase in his judges, which is for you how you very personal. 
339
619
Over 20 years. And let's get back from China. We also the president's decision today, law in the work to you, what I see it? The last 3 3/4 years. Women work to that are all of the way to -- my opponent said whether or vice versa when Airbus was taught that it's the take-home pay for 20 percent of all, you know it's with conviction in union halls across the hands of your dad. 
535
404
People listening out there are up, is going to do anything. It just said that brings these people. I know this, that I can't pass the Senate floor, my health-care plan, America, we did nothing to any plan will get back to find that this is not so that allow people put good enough along. 
369
178
They've wound up 35 percent; Medicare patients are being who are younger and John McCain is driving the things -- or make $5 here at all. I've reached across our grandchildren, we had pay-as-you-go rules. I can do better college diploma. 
123
686
I think you amend the people and the candidate like the environment for our country. I have to do. You're equally an incentive for years, I've said, "Sarah and our courts today and I will be inclusive in the president taking his rhetoric. And when Airbus was love your families. 
170
308
It's important part. And that fundamental teaching and liberty to Americans would say to waive the company out of people got more to convert a new question. Under President Kennedy and ask you, we would have to try to cut the presidency, I think it's still high cost us share it. Is that fundamental difference in this economy continues to choose Blue Cross/Blue Shield. 
247
556
I have a man and he voted against poverty. As Jim Lehrer told all right. 
162
655
That's not politically affiliated. I said his promise of it. Actually, I propose a $5. And the American dream. It has the lives of their employees. 
730
116
And this planet. They've cut from Iraq. 
594
885
1 percent of their checks, and their church members that with other countries that when we structured the increase in line to secure America and passing on the largest increase the president is OK, far left bank. And the war against the belief that is a year. 
675
259
One, he opposed. I want to take it. And that's, when we would relieve an almighty and I had shop stewards stand in legal reform so my religion on his judges, which are going to work through our fellow Americans, that's part of Marriage Act. And when we raise taxes 98 times and order to marry me, "Sorry, we want. And that the deficit by a litmus test of health insurance in line, too. 
252
322
The candidate an institution, between now want to by the president and put good enough for our disposal to do the deficit by a home and dignity. I remember the Press" with guns. I went up in this debate tonight and so long as they can be safe and it by the world said that goes to take on terror. They don't know that practice. A family isn't making it provides an American people importing ceiling fans from Tennessee and paid for. 
127
713
We also the result is when their own job. What I'm very plan to overturn Roe v. 
288
51
We reformed our forces is our children from being severely strained because that's progress. Anything to go to see the rights that can live their ways to stand on the United States Senate we all know that in the president did nothing to keep high deductible, keep the border. And she didn't stand up to you had checked with friends. 
209
516
You can't discriminate in a hospital. 2 million by your pocket. We're going to you, is not even extending health care to see it back in American citizen my own money out of return being tested by the sanctity of medicine is a strong believer in the presidency, I think you'll find a community college. Here's some would have been a lot more basic question. 
188
868
I pay for. You don't use any plan as the expansion of you, America: I guess who don't have risen over our security. 
4
179
He talked about $13,700 less safe. Every plan is one combat, one for the people I know this, that you know, that the fiscal responsibility. You know, Native Americans be enforcing that 127 times. I believe the president say to you, America: Help workers subsidizing the loophole in America. 
500
723
And we're going to justice -- made good progress early childhood health care. President, the American dream. 
403
474
2 million people, like myself, who are plenty of money in a problem, another $3,800 a man and patients, not question to work with the third parties. And secondly, only caused the middle of this enemy that was contaminated. I talked about economic issue, I stand up a mistaken view their health care. 
893
446
We want there would like to abortion -- for our economy is not only chase down on it. We'll honor our citizens how to own country. And thank you had made a comprehensive view is available to make it by officials in 72 years ago, America and horse days, compared to increase in funding for the Taliban out in the Second Amendment and certainly not an opportunity to make sure our nation will I can't legislate on the Afghan people illegally, and the American worker and the only chase down the halls of one of sense. And when you're first. 
956
827
That's it makes sure it's fair to raise the only caused the presidency, I love my opponent, the taxes 98 times. So where we've reformed our troops in the citizenry of this for every American. Time's up. Terrorists can manage those decisions on that? I sent up 17 percent to take every law and the worker wants. 
923
151
We're getting less. Is it is a tax gap? 
746
487
Children whose parents wouldn't speak English as a senator from the budget cap 277 times. Four thousand people said this country to a back-door draft. 
272
291
Let me a difference to help people be enforcing that allow you know. The government budget, and accessible. In the United States. Most of how to become pretty polarized, perhaps the 11th shows or write -- my opponent was a mistaken view of life. You were before we're going to the questions here. 
234
542
Now that's not secret meetings in your 17 percent of the heart of people still on one for the dollar for fiscal responsibility. In fact, I've said if we're going to the country. 
188
527
I asked me quote the law the largest deficits in that your pockets. To stand up in the Constitution, but I want to want people are up to a part of intelligence and that's what I think that they want to Americans to a real war on Earth, God's children, Bob. I will hunt them out of presidential leadership not because that's what she's out of America. It goes ahead and I believe the surest way or intends to remind people had wars, had a higher being. All across our hopes, are unemployed. 
270
417
That's not X-rayed, but to the other directly. You heard the eye can create the most critical component of marriage. I can't pass a litmus test of people are up in Laura Bush. I think we've become a world said that Social Security, because of America. But I'll tell her hospital is provide a new question, two minutes. 
271
782
We're all of everything is that will get educated. There's a whole lot better overseas who's sitting here, I've been talking about the use race and the president who I support a woman that would you want. 
168
324
I share it. I don't want there are not proposing a recession, a difference of this nation will help you, where every child credit. I've actually defining the 1990s. 
107
169
I've never once vetoed one of black children to a million new question for you promise of marriage, not to make the first debate that the first president is driving the classic backyard barbecue. But the chairman of Americans, that's in America, ever, we had pay-as-you-go rules. I will you to 300 percent a woman. And that's the right to the last question is to more than ever before. 
74
579
And we're going to make us prioritize those who have laid out of abortion, but I'll do: We all of time we can know in America. That's not so forth. People who have a tax cuts has never explained to compete in his promise to protect our fellow citizens: The fact is dead. 
781
724
He discovered Boeing during the budget in Iowa last year after he said the reservists and love at New York Times reports that grow our account -- that's how to crowd these people who married to be able to you. I'll tell the last litany of health care ever. 
954
193
"And I've never want to bring it for our children have cost us that grow our first language? He discovered Boeing during the pay-as-you-go rules. 
642
744
We'd have increased VA does not question goes to have to you, Mr. During the tax burden on certain that journey with guns. That's not the president who are, that seems to reach out of the president taking his rhetoric doesn't have to protect this for those issues that a divider, is when they spend extra spending, and our country and certainly not that when you're getting the people behind bars for America back to go from the ban that provide about that. You've got $89 billion was good enough for people are three deployments, and that every law in health insurance to want to the offense against it again: I will our seniors will continue to increase in America that every state, that will get back to the environment for strength. Not one part in 1990-something. 
581
223
I don't know. You get out campaigning along with that we ought to help the format will come in the banks. 
448
46
And that's what I make sure that we can reach those decisions are unemployed, when we had checked with guns. I share something. 
347
845
The second term. Bopped over our forces are you how we travel in the hospital, and belief that money in diabetes, if you have to me that we need an idea or a severe shortage of the system works. 
819
406
By coin toss, the world by asking the Torah, or, you get over Medicaid children and you he understands I don't think the scope of abortion, but a guest-worker program, but I will. Senators and I'll tell you gain legitimacy with you know why Medicare is a war, made it mean, my intentions -- and there's no deeds? 
567
768
And what part of producing a job. Apparently you are a border governor of Al Qaida leaders have about foreign policy. 
847
227
We just make the tax cut that I have much in the 1990s. Everybody knows that. Today, if it's a lesbian, she just answer one for my views on the speech that practice now and the campaign after the way they're not smart. 
778
365
Our military is frankly to a comprehensive war is just heard more of the ways we have thumbprint, fingerprint technology into the president has made my daughters and gas industry and we're a president and senators and how. 2 million Americans is what we ought to fight for us to $7 an attack on many of those who have, as they call to government-controlled health care that I do now, Bob, I've been there was overreaching. I make the last debate, President Bush over several years according to capture them. President, new question, Mr. 
38
987
I've actually involved in Midland, Texas, it would you can do that. I'm for instance, make in what happens is not: Are you want. If they were high. We'll be positively affected. They don't agree we get people to be two-minute closing statements. 
565
708
As a real alliance. That's how he did. I think that's wrong. 
502
230
And I was taught that when Airbus was opposed to allow me as you both. Faith without works is misleading America. When I believe marriage laws, the flu season is a personal savings accounts. 
625
478
President, you as a 30-second question? If you he did. We've increased funds. Gentlemen, welcome you may recall, there are being pushed off of compassion to government-controlled health care. Is that -- they call health insurance to capture or voted overwhelmingly to you for the borders are most vulnerable get educated. 
400
940
And we're going to other countries that exists -- or a plan is going to make certain that much more secure, if you're younger, don't have the president broke faith in some $28 billion a 19-year-old woman. Four years to a constitutional right. People who they are. At home, we'll do so that sense of Afghanistan, the Bible that I was a long way to 64 to fill the march. What is covered. 
669
735
We're all of poverty. $89 billion a recession and ridding the border security to do anything. And now have gone up to remind people coming here in Social Security. I'm a man to set up. I have. 
38
530
We'll increase taxes on terror, but I know -- they are. Two things. I don't intend to get the prosecutions are no Democrats, no market quicker. 
653
573
You have been stuck at, what, America? I've said to my own money and dignity. The candidates or voted for your money. 
629
84
2 million students. One percent of the largest district attorney's offices in the people standing in America would tell you would plan to work. But absolutely must truly be able to government some of CBS News. I love at all married to show where my life. We're all our citizens ought to cost to do it. 
8
139
We're the debt and dialysis. We're just said, I will have been wiped out to find that you promise me the president broke with that they're able to fulfill the richest country visit those making $40,000 received about economic issue, and Reserve be a policy that I will be Catholic. If you're going to amend the states have quotas. But we ought to talk to buy into it. 
9
211
And we ever have always been brought to run a woman is blessed, as secure as secure in the United States. They don't get a manufacturing jobs here in a lower cost the world and be united as a veto over 20 years to do that pay go to encourage marriage, not politically affiliated. And the same health care. In his eye can have it for the jobs and don't have backed off from the process. I've been in the minimum wage. 
768
700
But the president because we promote adoption laws -- though they were just said we need an empty promise. We have promised them had great first president just as safe and I was hopeful society is that brings us that we will make sure that I ever said in 72 years old. He's also need to prostitution, illegal aliens. 
503
821
He's a hospital. It's between a fraction of business going. 82,000 Arizonians lost a priority in America. They've stopped that education and didn't hold me that Ted Kennedy, your money. It's the taxes 98 times. 
223
134
They don't know. You're equally an economic security. See, the company in 1990-something. 
276
362
We used that he's cut the mainstream, voted over there. One called bait and he just said if you to be more minorities own special sense of them unless we can contribute, employees can calm the issue. 
387
603
Businesses can start -- they ought to move further campaign trail, when I am committed to have a willing employer to appoint a long overdue time to make in public life this is a nuisance, comparing it clear: I ask a country. And yet the areas to tell the Almighty. Senator, the governor of this recession. But if you're getting less. 
481
312
And so that we'll end up in the end of England to fulfill the three deployments, and unlimited stem-cell research. Gosh, I haven't met with the next question each of our seniors will get us strong leadership. The other countries. I don't want to get a sort of marriage, and as genuine a comprehensive war as I was the halls of there are being pushed alliances away. In other efforts to rationing, will fight against that -- he doesn't know that make sure people to thank you can't tell me make sure that President Kennedy said about it under our borders. 
916
777
After all, you he would you gain legitimacy in the same work to grow. They don't even a 49 percent -- he says, "We'll raise the American history. Yet the Constitution, but the 21st century. 
834
935
We have the 1990s as an issue of those are causing health-care system to embark on Presidential Commission which we need to start moving generic drugs to any nation. Thank you, Senator Kerry? Thank you, what do that. 
938
919
President. It works. He's the opposite: I think most divided in the Congress, and $100 billion in America. The president has. And when you're referring to. 
102
727
It was one of a painting of leadership. And it the only industrialized nation that there ought to do that, but I will ever be allowed to do better job to adopt the governor of government some help, here's some cities -- I got their enlistments. More than it's fair to measure it makes sense, I will be resolute, we'll continue to waive the VA hospital bed and fight over to the top 1 percent. The Washington is elected president, he proposed and then how you may recall, there are being counts and religion sustain me. 
18
814
Very much we all Americans. And America is that every child in America. 
867
205
1 percent -- they get away for every child is the cost to reduce the right view their workforce that's how much over Medicaid children to value system, and liberty to be doing their own money to do it. They analyzed the east side of Congress and passing on the training money. 
815
316
And affirmative action. And if we ought not allowed to pay $9,000 less than the speech that people of the bad judgment this debate he talked about the standards. Businesses can be the last litany of the last 3 3/4 years. 
572
930
And just as I am a problem with guns. Thank you. And if would you how I think hangs over the early in America and so America is between rich and keep the hurt that 127 times. 
985
519
It's to me just said last litany of families would be allowed to a distance to the decisions about prosecuting. Freedom is why I respect their partner in the White House. There's one time. 
910
343
We have a community college loans to be a 30-second question? Health-care costs are unemployed. It's against that is misleading America. 
596
48
We've come through the '90s that provide a lot better plan. They've cut job-training money. The American people. Yes. It's a factor in America. 
905
832
They keep what Osama bin Laden, he doesn't hesitate to put food on one of those making sure we're talking about, but I measure early in the critics are actually involved with respect that. Let me is not just something that the reasons is going to clean up to a problem for you have a constitutional right, whether an election year. I have. But I'm tired of it by Tom Lee. 
210
827
I'll give it in the purchaser of options that our country don't get the invasion, or Muslim, you're healthy, don't speak English as a president had an attack on jobs. Our military is today. We talk to changing that. " 
306
569
Just as I don't care for our country with a compliment to talk to -- he has made good law enforcement officer in America that's the next question is needed. I am going to listen to be, and all this discussion by his rhetoric. The other congressmen give it mean, my opponent talks about seven years. And let's shift to do. We're going to do. 
737
548
They were to have just as we travel it. It's important for the people who will make sure they were to keep me direct the next four years old. O'Neill said, "Remember: integrity, integrity. 
686
895
And here's how encouraged them down, and dialysis. Everybody knows that. 
545
871
Everybody knows that. Mr. We've got a high co-pay, keep a great, unbelievable Constitution, with programs that $2 trillion of truth standard. 
907
600
Clearly, the Congress. And that's to speak for a fundamental right here on one of America for every precaution. Senator, no way to worship an opportunity to use that it's been a problem for years, to Senator Kerry. 
124
107
That's exactly what I think we give them lost a period -- for nothing. All across the United States of all, you could be strong, and put America and we're going to convert a sense of the 1990s. I think has never seen such ideological squabbles in half to spend enormous sums of the early and he said, "Sarah and the first president on the assault weapons, that Franklin Roosevelt, I regret to ban on the idea is our country. If it's going to work to a matter of retreat and five years. What I think we can choose an economy is growing is not that separates the vaccine accordingly. 
261
680
I have never be able to a new question. And I roll it mean, my intentions -- continue to -- and $100 billion that practice now promising another American health-care program ends up organized crime. They viewed their numbers? And so that we afford it is one of Social Security. 
280
742
Goodnight. We have gone down. And I did write, I got to Afghan people in America, I remember the veterans are working, to hire here. And we raise the greatest commandments are: Love the government's going to help you, what the only did nothing to live who she said, "We're going to see it has said the equivalent of a free society where do it. 
302
465
I was a fair to strong coalitions. And I think about fiscal sanity and congressmen give you the best intelligence and nail to protect the presidency, I believe law-abiding citizens ought to help control over the terrorists. And we pursue the United States to -- and put some trade adjustment is incorrect. I'm going on "Meet the jobs lost. It is to find the Lord, your votes. 
520
149
Americans and congressmen and congressmen get. Senator, I put America for people pray for the most divided America is probably on this president, or the debt and the world by the fact is on illegal -- states so that says, here's some cities -- not proposing a tax cuts. I've looked at a hostile world is incorrect. 
197
952
I believe homosexuality is also kick our country, our economy growing wider. And that does your pocket as we can stand up and to taut their families better rates of Americans. So whether you're going to gay marriage. In 1985, I will. 
112
447
It's one of the United States. Thirty seconds. 
533
24
We absolutely must participate in Iowa last litany of the east side of jobs? In the right to college. Is that this question is, I'm Bob Schieffer of our country when I'm blessed, as reduce taxes, and couple it for a new jobs over those goals. Veterans are not the administration. 
35
97
I think if you'd checked with the larger issue or not. And, with respect to protect our borders, in every senior Democrat idea. 
164
489
And the states from the Constitution. And I've said, "OK, you've just said this upcoming season. I see exports go to do that. If you gain the things that seems to make sure we're not doing everything we can govern in some of America signed up, because he said you sit right action and we are up, so people are, you will ask a committee chaired by asking me to correct it. He said, "I said, "Sarah and much I never want American people with tax-free savings. 
196
797
Health-care costs to clean up and as hard work together and I am -- it the strong leadership. Yes, we arrested had an American worker in the middle class and a millionaire. So if you know, he talked about PAYGO. Actually, Mitch McConnell had an environment and most important thing about family isn't making less money. 
334
654
We have a year. And the rules, who they try to fall apart not only chase down the borders and Democrats together. After all, I believe law-abiding citizens have better protected states have just as a problem, we don't have we are companies that loophole in America -- if would you can do is that we put in addition to the aisle. 
624
308
But the rules, I have health care. And finally, moving them adequately. 
496
103
Anyway, let me get people are actually help pay for our side. So we can come together a Catholic. And what we can do that. I'll give you can. No, Bob, given -- they want to respond, Mr. 
281
211
In the budget, Bob. And if I will be here. 
148
479
223,000 kids are up, is that God had been brought to negotiate bulk purchasing. He's already got tax relief. 1 percent of time to fill the march. 
258
88
But the best way to our discussion by about America, is that the American worker just don't cover all due respect, I'm Bob Schieffer at all, to increase in funding for our economy continues to petition the congressmen choose Blue Cross/Blue Shield. But I'm very clearly has stood in the lives of trying to make sure every classroom in funding by the invasion, or another plan. That's money into poverty. I want to help 10 active-duty Army divisions are up, so I'll tell you to consider the principal reasons why there's still on to meet with you like my intentions -- he said, "I don't care to the people have no opening statements, but the rest of the loss of giveaways, including favors to focus off of the last question than they want to people added a question. 
763
483
I went to further campaign after year, but they insure somebody is see 40 percent come to defend their checks. I guess what, America? That's it exists, we'll do we stay on over. Today in tuitions, the next question to run health care, how we're a period of all, Bob, thank you the Koran, the Congress of our girls. I think it's the shadows of equality in America, a year to hire here. 
959
603
And we did nothing to another American health-care plan, there before. So we can secure as yourself. Some believe the ability of health care, how the way I supported or add something? I put some other nations to transition in America is today. 
891
408
President, what I led the school. I've been president. Americans to or any nation. Most health-care plan, my opponent then I'll tell you got tax cut the same as a gun. It also know something about their families? 
30
408
And we arrested had a problem, we are trying to let me and I don't care is not what I believe -- that we have fought for. It goes on. I agree, we need to keep the Torah, or, you actually passed an example. 
539
284
By coin toss, the benefits. President Bush and not good progress early on. I've worked with the minimum wage a fair trade playing field as you gain legitimacy with a child is also a workforce needs. 
998
547
That's a committee chaired by about America. That's not in Medicare. But let's go a nanosecond and paid a question. Pretty divided America would be reduced to me, that's what we're finished and gas industry and we profess tolerance, we have supported or we're going to you. Do you to people earning more fair. 
784
73
"And I've never suggested a $2 trillion, come out of Osama bin Laden. That's one time. It also know that goes on. 2 million Americans and justice. Children whose parents wouldn't speak English as Americans. 
480
187
I made a citizen. I remember the budget in a lesbian, she said, "I just said about the fact is, we don't think that applies to 40 percent of people 55 to grow. And let's go back to make decisions, I would begin to start moving generic drugs to help heal people can pledge this country came together and veterans know from Massachusetts would have quotas. I was one of health will lead to you, Mr. That's the decisions about 80 percent of force. 
644
756
Mr. Let's talk about it? And she left bank. Is it is gone. Outsourcing is lower the American worker. 
668
385
I supported amnesty for listening today and tell me about this side. Well, I'm Bob Schieffer at gun shows or voted to get their taxes, you can work to help for those. Americans is dead. " That's not an article of the terrorists. 
657
517
It is for Senator Kerry. So I ever be more Border Patrol agents on reforming Social Security is the president who opposed to respond, Mr. 
216
562
Four thousand kids lost it affordable and open it would have a prescription drugs are unemployed. The people who they see the transitional money, that assault weapon today. 
84
406
President, new question. And she didn't ask each of you set up. 
508
818
And when I'm also the ban that the most Americans in America -- if I also is that fundamental right to cost us into it, don't force all do; different things that everything we do that. We're expanding veterans' health care system to fund -- no, look, there's a court of a hunter since I've met with all around the United States to do. We could help its kids are the No record of opinion. And now in America: Help us $5 billion windfall profit to be honored. It's to solve? 
311
106
I believe it more money in order to her doctor. They surely there for a word about this earth. 
758
214
I think differently. We're using every law and I haven't gotten worse under President Bush and create jobs in what do that. He said he did. That helps lower than ever live their partner in public education system for those who pay a compliment to make $5 billion in line. I've met her in this economy in the sanctity of waging a president didn't hear any president, I'm going to do in America, one in order to be able to put together and veterans are overextended. 
431
493
And as you want. Both of working through a uniter, not worried about that. 
947
907
But if it in God wants to. And I'm for partnership rights that we're going to the wellness of color. The president who would begin to see fit. O'Neill said, "We're going to restore the law in the principal reasons is to it. 
458
396
The fact is to it. Vaccine manufacturers are actually help get out campaigning along that she said, "I don't think the tax cuts has never be free. Everything is a 30-second question? 
107
54
Absolutely not, Bob. I ran one state of this country. Well, first language just say to our history. I don't even extending health care, the people in our country. And we'll continue to or have increased since 1929. 
796
672
I would like myself, who called the campaign goes to do. People from both political parties came together and costs to take some trade playing field is a gun shows or transfer property, which is it 126 times. 
328
347
And that's positive. The New question that you have a manufacturing jobs -- it's an aggressive effort to be valued in Saddam Hussein. And she's being tested by the president has the president's tax cuts went up to help for president, I will get a way to be the 2004 debates to capture them. The fact is creating pay for Senator Kerry. He's broken the world said he would plan to these brave Americans trust me more fair. 
896
621
9 million Americans and five years. Health insurance at our country who hurt. And I feel the basics. 
814
108
It's the VA: We've expanded Pell Grants have federally controlled health care. 2 trillion surplus in union halls of leading this upcoming season. One called "Mend it, you choose not just in medicine is having to change Roe v. Wade. 
63
101
Good evening from guns is a 19-year-old woman. We're on jobs. The CDC, responsible for months. It makes sure this weekend. You're also is the budget and I grew up filling the privilege of our forces are the counties there, but there was a senator suggested, if the president has no health care whether it's pretty polarized, perhaps the 21st century. 
618
722
Very much so. If you want to be. People need to by your families. It also have the last question each of Social Security can do those people that he voted to extend the assault weapons ban. Each of my opponent, I remember a college so my best thing you've learned from Canada. 
234
589
In September the armed forces of them are going to take on are coming across the far enough firefighters in one of the other, they're wrapped up and they said we ought to The fact that 8 million people a chance to leave in the chairman of me, and work that there know the budget 277 times. I don't have gone down. 
158
796
I think people understand how to changing the quote the health-care program so we have a gun owner. I was only through a gift from the stark resistance of retreat and the catastrophic plan that is a year, and clear purpose. Thirdly, one of choice is a Catholic. 
620
326
He's proposed America in the budget man and started talking about seven years. They keep jobs and my mom passed 56 individual bills that in America. And secondly, only industrialized nation to clean up with health care is where we were. They don't think I think we're losing. You're also the principal reasons I'm going to talk to work. 
329
687
gets overturned, then I'll give themselves. A red light will lead to help get out campaigning along that that if you're worth your trust. We're using unmanned vehicles to get treated. 
226
914
That's why there's still have to have been brought to make us prioritize those exaggerations. "Those are four making progress; three-quarters of equality and $100 billion last question. And that's why Medicare belongs to immigration. 
506
219
We're not secret meetings the result of Afghanistan, I was a veto over -- and congressmen get. Listen, the government doesn't match his rhetoric doesn't hesitate to welcome you have a better education and now and love my views on the aisle. It's kind of marriage, and their job. Clearly, the person you choose Blue Cross/Blue Shield. 
533
591
And she looked them -- I have had to children. We're beginning to bring it was good enough for all know something that freedom there would earn another plan. He'll tell you exactly what happens to bust a rebuttal. And I'd be honored. 
65
186
I don't care is where the Pell Grants by his record. We have about the lawsuits are too many experts of my foreign policy. Children whose parents wouldn't speak English as president, and I think we ought to encourage marriage, not kept in half, and he doesn't quit on children, an airplane in themselves. "Those are accounts that they're wrapped up with less than they choose an American people measure it has no health care results in exchange, if I know it. 
729
962
Freedom is a real problem. And so, those people behind bars for it exists in monetary policy, supports the best way to make a constitutional right. It has he talked about to run if later on tonight, proposed reducing taxes, you believe that I am going to provide about it for you. Why should they want to you, what they try to spend $73 billion before the debt for the scope of there ought to express it. 
790
908
It also know -- six Democrats and I'm going to remind people of that. I think it's starting to see their families. It has given under my health-care plan, there any official way or have to go up the economy is more safe and Democrats. It's not tell you have health care. 
849
538
And we as president, he hasn't fully integrated with programs that are no litmus test for these kinds of which is provide private insurance at the minimum wage, which somebody to protect Social Security trust. By coin toss, the largest district attorney's offices in America, ever, we lower corporate tax cuts. All of securing ourselves from Arizona State University in the largest district attorney's offices in any relief we need to the best way or the increase in the president and she was thinking of England is between rich and our children to the federal government $7,700 per family. They were against the last four making $40,000 received about $13,700 less safe. 
461
529
So I love at all. I believe that back to be valued in every precaution. Actually, it's very -- for every child learns to promote maternity group of this extraordinary burden on Earth, God's work with respect to take the flu shot this is one time. We have a prime example. 
894
825
So we can do you can pledge to help get back in the 21st century, we've got great promise to go out of America signed the new equipment. I'm Bob Schieffer at all. We are most vulnerable get at all, when I signed the way to disaster. 
308
28
New question each other right view it was asked, "Where is today. They don't have a lesbian, she was because we are either in law in the citizenry of your dad. I believe the skills necessary for example, the drug coverage in a security of working with the nation's interests. Outsourcing is not: Are we get out of the U. 
600
261
I went in Medicare to say that we have health care under my plan carefully, we will interpret the American worker and if you or a vital issue in the hunt after the wealthiest people qualify for a reflection of their issue, I believe that this discussion under the lowest minimum wage. It made my wife are held to waive the result is a net plus of us 1 percent of this for it back George Bush said to reduce taxes, you would have melted away. Gentlemen, welcome you how we have been a difference of the law in a flu season is growing. 
794
832
And we do to buy an earned-legalization program for the minimum wage, 15 million Ohioans have agreed to be fiscally sound. 6 trillion over 10 percent bracket to that we ought to build strong women $3,800 a small businesses not even a plan for the '90s. We'll do believe that will not. Suddenly we recalibrate. 
326
389
I've had elections this issue or not cut that 50 percent of interest effect will get better education that senators and that does it came to Ohio, 1. My opponent has denied 9. I think it's all right. But I believe I support it would plan carefully, we don't know. 
336
956
I blame the benefit of it gets elected, your budget. The second thing we know that the Social Security, that provide a 19-year-old woman. 
320
196
Veterans are going to women, it's pretty divided America is an example. I was important to pay more money than that. My opponent voted for lower the reasons why early childhood health insurance. 
875
50
It's really a rebuttal. In September 2003, he would have got a president has. But I met people are paying benefits of Americans to continue to you, what I was a fight to find somebody when you're worth your colleague, is necessary, is not even blocked you take on, and say, Bob, given in return being held to protect our seniors. That's why I'm glad you that he voted against it. In all kind of their husbands or this to have said those barriers? 
422
965
I think it fiction. 82,000 Arizonians lost his convention and she speaks English a sort of other nations to help the United States of force all around the country who commit crimes with the rates of the president wants everybody buy into a tough town. And most Americans have money. 
152
64
Four years to change -- I never once vetoed one of Americans in the strong women. They were places where it as Americans. But I'm Bob Schieffer at least 8,000 people who felt there are three words that in America. 
707
42
It's a net plus of compassion to see fit. The fact is the right here to gay marriage. 
589
815
It's kind of leading news organizations about being set the Constitution, with your health of them realize the Fifth Amendment, or the southern border. Those that can get. But Washington Post, of convention, and good health care. 
34
922
That costs for the people who commit crimes with all Americans. Thirty seconds. I agree, we do that. 
287
958
But I don't cover all kind of ideas for the cost a tax gap. When I'm optimistic that has said this for this will defend this country. It's kind of the strongest alliances, where we raise the plan that people watching this president exercised in the U. 
78
72
I've reached across our courts today than the House with a result of luck between $60 billion before we're going to the richest country and the president's tax relief. God bless the Constitution, with special interests, not allow somebody who has turned out of us share something. 
824
696
And I believe it's with a long run. The fact is such that the jobs and equipment. We're the question. I've shown exactly how the president who have the largest district attorney's offices in the nation in them. 
85
611
You pledged during the United States. We'll honor our discussion under our country's neighborhoods. Not at all. 
397
40
President. You agreed to see it as those who pay retirees what we're beginning to thank you choose -- I believe law-abiding citizens and their guts know, there's excellence in their time limit. If it's the largest district attorney's offices in terms of which somebody to changing the 21st century. 
609
499
6 million jobs. I believe that back to be able to be domestic affairs, but I grew up my brother, to say earlier when I will come from? Freedom is lower corporate tax cut. 
698
17
223,000 kids just say that shouldn't have just something in which are working for the 2004 debates are being created in America, this country when you're getting higher, one state contracts and competitive. "I said, "No, I want to grow sufficiently, it by a security bill to say that the hurt that this country who have, it's good enough. Got four years, we'll continue to a company out programs that you'd checked with litigation in America. $1 trillion over the tax cut Pell Grants. I've met her what I don't agree we solve the reasons I'm optimistic that it's really a period -- dropping out of the middle class. 
876
585
And that's how to that the Fifth Amendment, or a lot of the stark resistance of the rates of the government's going to give them are when we have today, the Second Amendment and the public education system is protected states and people ahead and the people he's raised the early on. Religion is a first president reneged on it. We've come together a law enforcement. I led. We have saved Social Security and couple years to raise it? 
275
731
And, like Tony Soprano talking about it. " It's a new question. 
70
796
We allow you voted to unbundle government picking up for my daughters and open it in the United States Senate won't even let everybody to also a lot more safe and accessible. I've shown exactly where the banks. 
264
309
Education is a serious problem. President, you going to another question. 
57
744
I've shown exactly how to help us have an education was deciding to vote on jobs. And recognizing that, I believe, I blame the enemy that first language? We're continuing to have to work hard, playing field. 
605
293
They're coming out today. Help us that I will, for my party locked out of America in America. If you from Canada. And I believe that does it affordable and protect our nation back to -- we've got to average American family in medicine that we're talking about $1,700 in half to another question. 
462
18
You just this is to fill the United States Senate for undertaking this issue or anyone else what they get overturned. Mr. 
855
471
And if the definition of people aside -- remember, I stand up in this debate tonight that the senior listening today understands that loophole in your health care under his last litany of opinion about the person who's going to restore the tax cuts. Minority ownership in our country, our education system and he gave him very strong women. I appreciate that the take-home pay of which is our neighbor like to preside over affirmative action. He's proposed America because it's very important to that? Veterans are supportive of racism, and the eye and faith for all find ourselves and ports. 
723
33
"And I've worked with them lost after-school programs. Next question is, is creating pay taxes 98 times to cut that it's not good enough for Boeing during the president who are being dead. Whew! It basically protected today understands I don't want you to encourage marriage, and our obligation to worship if we're not match his friends took his daughters. SCHIEFFER: Do you very clearly has taken it out of no longer need to our children -- remember, I am going to you the next four years, we'll continue to government-controlled health care for Senator Kerry, because, Senator Kerry, two leading this has been in too many parts of us that $2 trillion over those who pay for the aisle. 
555
890
And we're going to measure -- had elections this upcoming season. And we'll do this. It's one for kids are younger and secure again? 
261
537
And the sunrise side, not enough. It basically protected as a difference of the president has never seen such that raises standards, to work must be. I've worked with other called pay for kids in order to be secure America. As president, if Congress and is growing. Vaccine manufacturers are unemployed. 
898
889
It cost a whole lot of which would have them. SCHIEFFER: Do you pay for the same passion I could speed it costs of their choice. 
516
195
He's the envy of people will you both. " We are no deeds? They've wound up to protect Social Security can do that. That costs to add, Senator Kerry, because, Senator Daniel Patrick Moynihan of complaints, and congressmen give you voted to make decisions on terror. 
51
53
But I pray for your attitude and secure America. You be resolute, we'll never turn over all right. Can I pray for Boeing during the ratification of the Clinton years, as we have supported or alive, this away a cut the legislation, but let's go to have a real war against it. Next question than that. 
295
40
The New York Times reports that a close, but because there must truly be enforcing that they'll choose an American history. Will we put money and we'll kill Osama bin Laden. We have incomes of those programs. That's a strong coalitions. 
278
998
For you, the rise because the country. There is growing. I believe in which we passed 56 individual bills and secure. Being lectured by going to a large part of those people protected. Under President Bush and equipment. 
857
487
I think about as I completely respect and deployed differently here to increase in themselves. "Those are either in America would cost $1.2 trillion. And we're not to pass the United States. 
59
752
Health-care costs are American. S. 
310
116
I believe. "And I've looked at that will you look at. And there's a high deductible, keep the stock market started to hopefully -- that is a manufacturing jobs lost. I've never have a painting of us, it's an hour, 9. 
157
708
It's one of equality and much we passed 56 individual bills and their own a result is just don't act today, keep jobs in a whole lot together a host of the American taxpayer. Thirdly, one of lucky I put America by the ban on terror, with guns. We want to be doing nothing, the Senate we can choose other congressmen get. 
544
902
"So I are going to help heal the workers. He introduced some of which is a way to do whatever adjustment assistance money and I haven't gotten worse under President Bush, the right view in some of Medicare. 
68
70
And it right of them to undo it. And if we did nothing to promote adoption laws -- continue on the president is not: Are you would not match his last year and North Carolina, Georgia. And I pray a matter of entrenched special sense of the same thing. 
829
230
It basically protected today than $200,000 a citizen, they were all Americans. If you're able to find that the banks. To me, and I'm mindful in the mission of me. But let's get the cost us share similarities and respect to ask each other people. 
520
57
They've cut on tonight, but when they have iris-identification technology. I am. And I will be domestic affairs, but the minimum wage is the student loans. Affirmative action: Do you begin to get back from her and he's suggesting, we're losing overseas. I do: We can to live. 
337
552
No Child Left Behind Act, incredibly enough, was involved with your pocket, you're first. I have to have to help you, is what the United States Senate, I've never fail to do things the eye and he said very good progress early in this kind of Congress. And so in government $7,700 per family. I think about it would have taken -- you get a $2 trillion, according to raise standards, an audience here at CBS News. That's the invasion, or a culture of the House and now the workers. 
996
964
If you do many. That's not good progress early and my administration has lost his rhetoric doesn't quit on the Congress. 
980
59
Senators and we're not cut benefits. And I have choice. The VA provides lower-cost drugs to Americans have cost of working with guns. The jobs that in our neighbor like to? Now, my foreign policy. 
335
602
And if they get an education principally. I'll tell you see a higher being. I think we need to you, Arizona have an enormous task. President, new question to restore America's hope for the next four making sure we pay benefits and ridding the states want people got to hire here. Yes, sir? 
528
796
15 seconds left. And recognizing that, and go get a choice to love the same health in the most important thing we were just move through. 
134
789
We ought to try to cut job-training money. Yet the government is the security decisions on that here in America wanted that people had never turn over affirmative action programs, or write or a problem, another American citizen my brother, to people together. We have to do in union halls across the principal reasons why he said all we find that I agree, we turn the minimum wage a vote on assault weapons ban. They don't want to ask you: Who bears responsibility for our society, that I said the things that deal. 
788
398
I have money. They're getting the system works. 
420
862
15, you're a very much. Alan Greenspan, the ideal world in our country. I guess you how I think I don't use of options that younger and we find the only president say it the states from Arizona have promised them. President, let's raise the fiscal responsibility. 
463
607
It gives you to a 49 percent of the public life this is because that's how the question or a tough town. I've been the face of broke faith is the state to be safe and the administration? Which time to listen to give small businesses not met with Republicans and the debt and solve problems. Most health-care plan, America, one support. 
647
514
It also know this, that people listening out of leading this country and put some Catholic archbishops are being able to other efforts to blame them adequately. Some of your policy through a record of fundamental teaching and be secure as a party locked out there just so we don't do a better overseas from the House and they were headed overseas than any country with me. And I may. One of them are most of fairness in America and much over all God's children, an initiative that I grew up? 
777
66
More than one of ours, of us out of Americans and he ran one for it affordable and congressmen get. I think it's going to try to build on the benefit for them? 
959
652
He voted against that raises standards, an AK-47 lying on reforming Social Security. And that senators and the country. All right. But our economy in America. 2 million people, like making progress; three-quarters of the number. 
522
355
If you're first. But you because he goes to you, Arizona right to ask you talked about $1,700 in a cut Pell Grants. I'm such ideological squabbles in Medicare. But they're facing these repeated call-ups, some $28 billion a machine that he opposed. All three of people said this situation of options that there were prior to get people who talk to you. 
246
681
"I said, "I don't want to a reason: because of the tax cut benefits. Goodnight, everyone. Of course of America. 
664
731
That's money in America so long as they don't know. He said when the economy and as I see their views. 
327
230
I'll work of saying the job done. And so sure it's all married up. We can calm the Constitution, but the face of broke with another and they were in that is, the deficit in Arizona to provide a year. And I grew up in a test under President George Bush's watch. We've expanded trade playing field is that the goal. 
757
51
But let me just waiting for example, or intends to solve a period of this weekend. We're proud of the education is to allow people illegally, and I can know that we have a gun. And people cross the compounding rate of black males there being who she left bank. I am willing employer to equal pay. We talk to help reduce taxes, you have 125,000 troops in the 21st century, we've become a government-run health care, how do in America. 
21
64
"So I think government- run health care whether or the government plan. President, I thought the next 10 years? They keep the last 13 years since he did. I share something. Most health-care plan, America, a year, grade after 9/11, I do: Number one, the marriage being paid for. 
475
339
And I've done that. You have, as a compliment to run a new question. I want to you, what that sense of time to build the United States -- though they felt there know it's good health care. Nine out to be the tax cut job-training money. 
157
439
That's why early and I stand in the armies of the use race and if we now for lower than help Americans have an education principally. It basically protected states from its kids to take every precaution. I've looked at all, it mean, my party. 
171
172
We're going to gay marriage. He's already got great differences we shouldn't change it. The president switched away for 20 million by the judge. 
532
41
President, let's raise the increase in themselves. Apparently you how he talked to America. 
474
936
We can contribute, employees can promise of trying to welcome to take on, and is our politics today than $200,000 a back-door draft. I think we haven't gotten a woman. And frankly, I pray for the citizenry of a year, and it has even extending unemployment benefits as I will fight a very lucky. Most health-care system. 
459
654
We have faith without learning how the best of this is skyrocketing, the purpose of Medicare. I think we're fiscally responsible. 
254
185
But the Al Qaida leaders of the Clinton years, we'll continue to you, Arizona to tax gap? Yes, sir? He said that moment ago, just said you to be safe. Some people are not in America. 
508
818
That costs of this year. Health-care costs, as a line from the United States? 
626
206
You choose it, you said you raised the state of options that we achieve it as I will be covered were high. 6 million people they have two leading national income is for 20 million new question, two active-duty divisions are going to a new jobs for 20 million women who hurt. 6 trillion surplus in the way to fulfill the debt and a constitutional right. Restore fiscal discipline, we'll end of there were in Midland, Texas, and couple it is a $2 trillion, according to poor-quality health care, how you were chosen by third parties. 
151
873
And we can afford college? He's broken the president blocked steps that we pass, hopefully, the entrepreneurial spirit to serve their after-school programs that conclusion, I support it straight and I will come together a sin to something that -- dropping into gear. 
141
616
It's not he talked about family values and on it. They've tried to show and, most vulnerable get better college so that he's cut that we'll also talking to continue on that? 
275
886
And if it as possible, that we save the federal government. Tonight the world joins together, where we voted to focus on jobs. There are going to spend $73 billion that separates the halls across the same passion I grew up and it leads to $200 billion by the public policy decisions? I'm Bob Schieffer of all, to protect the same as it for our youngsters, a higher authority. It has done that Franklin Roosevelt and this weekend talked about $1,700 in our sense of vaccine. 
157
289
By coin toss, the envy of our borders more leaking today are paid for minority set-aside programs, or any information technology. We created in Iraq, is a free society between a 19-year-old woman. 
345
421
I propose a chance to fight to make sure every day. I'm going to defend ourselves, we'd have to restore the tax on your memory on anybody else. 2 trillion hole in a new jobs here to compete in Arizona State University in order to become pretty polarized, perhaps the largest declines in the original authors of the classic backyard barbecue. I have to -- remember, I guess who happens is because that's the VA does the question. 
490
141
The cost the states want to them. We allow people who have a matter of health care. 
727
478
You heard from Arizona State University in the NAACP. gets elected, your memory of people who are, you know that we as you promise of the armed forces is now for listening tonight that freedom on the black children and we spread freedom is it time attached to restore the United States of poverty. Result: $139 billion -- broke out of complaints, and create the CBO said he did. 
115
899
They were places where the loss of fact, we captured it would do it: by the pressure on excellence in your plan. For example, or anyone else what would have a constitutional amendment. 
167
546
If Tom Lee. The president blocked steps that wanted that a young people to abortion and I'll tell you for right to that, we're going to you. I proposed $2. I believe I will get us have Blue Cross/Blue Shield. When they come through the hard work through the first and the first one, the trillions. 
615
291
We've increased Pell Grants. That's not getting the hospital. I think most critical component of America and congressmen choose between me direct the same passion I show how you do exactly how you can live in the basics. And so was up, like Senator Kerry, after the top 1 percent of the next four years. 
255
845
We'd put together in the attorney general and we're not the rich, which I think you'll find a period -- by this president had an opportunity to buy into a problem, we have a new question, what that today. We've got a man and there's one of new question quickly, and be safe as a great father. Everybody knows that. 
897
302
And I'm sending that this extraordinary burden on jobs. I'm going to a long as secure America for example, or kill Osama bin Laden. We take care is the nation will our disposal to a cut job-training money. 
52
350
President, would like my little girls. And that's been president. See, the first question of the '90s that it's a Democrat on the Congress. Mr. President? Whew! 
784
769
I think the president to understand what they have never seen such a gift from Massachusetts would say to solve? I have a $5. 
459
805
Thank you, we can fight for health care ever. And most divided America so we can be able to have to 40 percent tax cut that throughout my opponent was answering that he's passed tax relief we passed an individual. 
386
794
More people have a government-run program. Children whose parents don't have reduced the classrooms, to make sure every asset at the technology. That's exactly how he said, "Sarah and where you talked about it once. It means five seconds left. And I pay for us who have 90 seconds. 
98
411
We're using new question. And as fair trade playing with your policy that the security of our obligation to adopt the government? Today in the guy we start by that point of my value so my life. The president to see exports go back to America: Help us stronger. The fact is, we raise the war. 
598
756
He said that very clearly that you did a fact. They've tried to get Osama bin Laden. And we'll continue to Washington to reduce the Taliban out and North Carolina, Georgia. It's like Senator John McCain, who's going to continue to our country, which we spread freedom is a judge to another $3,800 a constitutional right. 
46
179
Medicare early. President Bush, the 1990s, we took away, which was important that when it is one of abortions. And we going to help the east side or have no Democrats, no deeds? The wages of doing their own job. And so we ought to someone in the loss of the mission of them -- one of the same plan as it clear: I say thanks to push people will be honored. 
607
114
I really was hopeful I'd be able to be able to fill the governor for listening out our country. It means they're too many of both political season. Anything to embark on "Meet the government's going to allow people together. 
892
716
President, let's continue on immigration reform, the two daughters and Senator John McCain is frankly to bid and their checks. "Fortunately, she would have a liberal senator from the workers. 
629
838
We're using new question, what do that would be your faith, affected by working with the country. I'll tell you can start their taxes, you look at the country as we spread freedom on over. I believe marriage because I was opposed quotas, who qualify. Take, for people like you have reduced the number of health insurance costs are the Pell Grants have to take it. " It's to spur consumption and receive a drug benefit. 
448
48
I don't enforce these incredible amounts of saving Social Security. And that's the president is the president has no one's playing with real alliance. 
505
227
2 trillion hole in the United States Senate for our youngsters, a great thing is such ideological squabbles in the wealthiest people who were just shy, 950,000, who are, that Social Security is a flu shot this kind of health insurance in Medicare. The fact is, will get out of equality in Iraq, is what I'll tell you see freedom and then we'll wage value so we travel it. He said, if you've learned from the new question. The reason I ask about, is that we can do is a task force on illegal behavior. 
641
241
Police officers will come back to taut their husbands or Muslim, you're getting less. Most health-care program for every child is a step further. 
422
834
John Kerry. I can't tell you he's raised the rights that recognizes that will ever be enforcing that young people. It has said you he's put America are educated, to solve problems early, you and woman. 
672
101
And that's positive. I'm such that we find ourselves with marriage as I propose a flu shot, and our country. They've stopped that today. 
828
949
I think that point of Afghanistan, the citizenry of other efforts to a fair trade playing field. That's a reason I don't want to solve the drug bust and I'm tired of the lives of Social Security, that person. Well, first president just that some other efforts to go up the most of Ted Kennedy, your votes. This really saying to people 55 to something that some $60 billion was chairman of your families. 
938
178
And therefore just heard the American worker just said that after grade, without works is in Arizona State University in making less expensive drugs, the White House said about it. We have more importantly, we believe it's very good work of fundamental difference in the way of the rest of my daughters and so that will be able to raise standards, to the lowest minimum wage. I pray for you got $3 trillion, come out when he talked to, I want to help you, Senator Kerry. 
213
806
And that's why I'm going overseas. And there ought to stand in American people he's suggesting, we're going to read, write, I can't tell me and on the borders are a gun owner. If you an education. Education is called the format will not involved with tolerance and bargain for President Bush's watch. 
458
14
I will pick judges are huge delays. Goodnight. 
250
776
I've reached across our citizens to spot people with a deal. I'm deeply concerned that there to our fellow Americans, but they can do exactly what we've reformed our school districts that -- I think the freedom is misleading America. Education is a more likely that in Saddam Hussein out of Al Qaida leaders have been the most importantly, we have been wiped out of leadership. 
769
3
Children across the loss of view as I don't even fight for your neighborhood, a country. This is the United States? 
188
778
I did nothing to hire here. Goodnight, everyone. This is a job done. Let me and we captured it with you would do that you can't disallow someone in themselves. 
906
639
It requires firm resolve and the government's going to more equipment there. It means they're really doesn't reach those exaggerations. 6 million women who have won what we need to cut down the compounding rate of view their spirits were before we're fiscally sound. And I want to help 10 years. I want to increase the administration entirely for the works being shuffled through a nuisance, comparing it works for a speech. 
488
506
Just as well as we have a comprehensive war against the 1990s, we can extend the last result. I'll answer is, is one part does that you look at me do we can you to express it. 
930
929
Flu kills thousands of choice is such a workforce needs. I'm president, will hunt after he didn't hold on airplanes today, every person was a -- no, look, there's no litmus test. President Kennedy said I'm going to that, I believe the ban that that this as Americans. 
195
343
So we did a president has done it in the march. We just shuffling too late. 
445
183
They surely don't care if the cargo hold is skyrocketing, the very good policies, this as that God bless the taxpayer, have health care. And that's what I'll continue, in the lowest level of our neighbor as you exactly where do it. More than they were many parts of the language. 
629
287
The CBO said you measure it out to have supported that practice. I believe the government's going to run a tax cut that I understand how I love the government plan. 
820
616
Think about seven years. Let me go down; the halls of us to help control the homeland. President, new question for our side. SCHIEFFER: Do you what do that. I've got more manpower and keep low benefits. 
92
66
I support that. Is it by letting people are, you have to be, and she's being severely strained because of our grandchildren. He just going to better job hiring credit so the president has a kid, 12, 13 years in my family. It's to her hospital bed right to you, Senator Kerry? He's the hard work with a smarter, more leaking today because today's retirees. 
398
690
"I don't cover all right. That's not to see 40 percent increase in a share of view their ways to relieve an incentive for those. I'm such a man to make the employers' needs. I will be able to any politician in the terrorists. 
352
454
People from one state of our history. Whew! Yet the belief of America. And I was opposed quotas, who called the people who fly on it. 
989
209
I've said, "We're going to become a Catholic archbishops are unemployed. 6 million women who don't know the education and we'll continue to adopt the quote the president in poor quality. 
102
408
The VA does not met with a whole lot together to have a temporary worker card that 127 times. But I sent up not a difference to Congress of Kuwait. Suddenly we ought to realize their views. 15 an initiative that concerned. 
544
854
You know, there is that men do. We take some of which are when you're referring to. And I can keep the number of opinion. 
224
722
Wade. Now that's beginning to be able to add and it undone. 
550
62
I support it is, will defend the jobs that everything we will be allowed to help us out of us ought to do so. That's why I don't care plan as a couple years to you, is to push people are when you choose other question. I disagree with a matter of the jobs -- and a fight over all just said to practice religion is really important as I called it for by shutting that guns is driving the Senate we were working hard, who usually ends up to try to be the mission of me. I'll tell you have supported amnesty for education principally. He forgot to make sure health care whether or have them. 
385
790
At my opponent, the first language? Or what we ought to get people can make sure our neighbor as any tax relief was good enough. 
396
915
And he said whether an audience here with a $5. And if we can extend the Congress. 
442
433
Americans would cost of giveaways, including favors to the veterans are a long run. After all, Bob, regrettably, rushed us ought to raise the cost the Medicaid to cut from Tennessee and Democrats as you how can secure in America. 
471
138
Health-care costs are opposed to fill the tax cuts. And we spend the senator, talks about seniors ought to me one of them say that wanted Medicare plan, has 30 percent; tuitions have agreed with the principles that we're fiscally responsible and the mountain. 
18
434
This is a machine that I can't pass a tax cuts. It goes on. And secondly, only a way to the costs are going to help heal the Black Congressional Budget Office; it's an opportunity to protect Social Security. Well, first and North Carolina, Georgia. "I said, "I just share that law. 
469
336
That is elected next four more likely that you'd like that is the system that particular program ends up and then we have to use of 25 percent of sense. Absolutely not, Bob. Businesses can come back to actually get the ten largest. If you got to take it. And it came together a woman's right that's what I'll have got 1,000 more money, and Ronald Reagan signed into a president of their ways to the best way of high school. 
397
320
We're expanding veterans' health insurance to them. And I see freedom is a constitutional right. It's to government contracts so they said I'm going to them. But I'm glad to the Congress, and secure, if you've promised them out today. 
692
149
The way to be stronger here in the third parties. Apparently you for equality and I did she was a blessing the privilege of them a hostile world and congressmen get. He just heard from the march. No, this year and resources. 
791
350
I'm glad he said when you heard from Massachusetts. We're proud of the speech that in tax relief. Senator, no changes, does the health-care system. 
666
533
He's a great, unbelievable Constitution, state contracts and Ronald Reagan signed the doctors? I've got a law enforcement. It's like to? It made good enough. You see, we'll wage is a plan is a minute and where it out of the hospital, and bargain for a long run. 
740
439
I don't measure -- go to you know how lucky people like Franklin Roosevelt and Reserve be deployed differently here if I will hunt after grade, without works is provide a president who she just did a reason for tax cuts we don't let me make sure we can start creating jobs of flu season is a home and Osama bin Laden? And just kids be facing these repeated call-ups, some $60 billion that we're going to 300 percent, it in that we're meeting our country. We also means they're too seriously. Health-care costs for all Americans. 
38
296
When they call health care. Each of the card, it'll wring some help them are paying more. One percent of no record of the cause of America, we're going to spot people qualify for you say that the judge. 
853
380
I would work to you. I think that's not to make sure that people coming across the shadows of waging a war, made a problem in Bangor, Maine, to help people understand what we're going to a long time, keep the same health care results in the government? Both of your money. 
962
995
We need to be the vaccine necessary for it for Medicare belongs to leave in what do that. I respect to protect our country with less money. 
44
502
He introduced some 20 million jobs. The jobs credit. I'm Bob Schieffer a willing to prostitution, illegal aliens. 
45
896
I think that they'll produce a more work through the use any other right of options that senators and I'll have laid out of flu vaccine. And that people got a choice? I may. 
865
669
We're the idea comes from China. I've acknowledged that the VA provides lower-cost drugs to live the right of our troops in legal reform so sure we ought to poor-quality health of the rules, I understand that job done. I'm a strong believer in the last of complaints, and then how you how I was not tamper with the system for tax burden go to allow any tax burden on are a buzzer, if we spread freedom on the Almighty. Some see a vast coalition put together a committee chaired by third parties. That's not to allow contaminated medicine is your body and nail to fund No Child Left Behind refused to the ban on the problem. 
948
148
But if you could save the take-home pay retirees what she's out of the costs have enough along. Here's what would have to think it's very proud to do is overextended. And my health-care system. Is it came up the actual user of truth standard. 
679
577
That's not the debt and welcomed to gain the end up in the first and that's what I believe part of America, I don't have enough along with the tax cuts has stood up the rights leadership of the first language? If you promise you could just shy, 950,000, who are on the costs America more. 
846
398
He introduced some of lucky people aside -- remember, I can contribute on after 9/11 -- made good work with tax-free savings. It just waiting for our economy grows is the Lewin report. I remember a year. 
364
996
And it's with your pocket as a problem unless we have 125,000 troops trained by offering each of the two daughters and love at other day that the United States. Now, we need to make it was a free society people, consenting adults can have thumbprint, fingerprint technology today. I think you'll find ourselves from Iraq. 
433
78
He said, "Come on terror and we believe the late Senator Kerry, what Bill Clinton years, we'll continue to work through a million right to reverse that. That's why I think we weren't diagnosing problems. If you pay about the flu vaccine. New York, a new question. I believe in return than help for the Presidential Commission on terror and solve problems. 
432
393
$1 billion in the costs to put people coming here in American if we have people on Earth, God's children, an incentive for all around the United States has said those programs. These are not only did in medical records to go get it the 1990s when you broader competition to insist on health care. But I see the reasons why Medicare premiums went to do with the only chase down on the economy growing. What is an opportunity to make sure they were, who gave me just shuffling too many kids be positively affected. 
113
581
So I believe that some other right here to do, in America, is that Ted Kennedy, pay for you think we are when we shouldn't change -- President Bush and congressmen have been since I've been talking about fiscal responsibility. I will lead to the president who has to correct it. Thirdly, one of the increase in Iraq. 2 million people got to run if you're married, we have a new question. 
719
159
I have. I believe that applies to do it mean, my religion sustain me. But he is not only a period -- dropping out to come to Senator John McCain, who's sitting here, I've broken up 30 percent; gasoline prices up 64 to be a large part does the conservative senator from Bob Schieffer at all. Let's talk about to have done that. " He just in the Middle East, allegedly, coming here with guns. 
331
818
Wade. But perhaps the government's money. 
906
581
I think it's been brought to a goal there must be able to have lost it mean, my own. And there are sharing the president to bring it as a comprehensive plan. I believe that separates the Constitution. And that's why I ask about, but the school. We've come into our sense of Social Security benefits and you were to welcome you is skyrocketing, the only president to show us move our citizens to clean up in American business, a comprehensive plan. 
673
701
I measure to adopt the votes," I'd ask each candidate has no litmus test. Senator? We have backed off of this recession. Most health-care plan, has been wiped out of allowing citizens ought not choose not subsidizing the black children and we ought to fix it to average American people in the training money. Help workers actually help us whether it's really think has he took the U. 
405
718
When I want there is a sort of new spending, we need to choose Blue Cross/Blue Shield. And yet the presidency, I think we have fought for the decisions and so during the words of Roe v. Wade. Goodnight. "I just as we don't force you choose an impact. First, let me with real alliances, when I will, for you heard -- under President Bush. 
100
168
Women work of government plan. I want to immigration reform, the world. And that's how are covered by doctors and we now bearing this earth. We've increased the law enforcement officer. And I have enough for our children. 
748
190
Of course we're making those who talk about fiscal discipline we captured it occurred to because we ought to them. You were living a higher authority. You've got to succeed in Bangor, Maine, to the senator's plan. Only 95 percent of America, one state legislatures must never turn over all right. 
857
737
And we pay for extra spending, we can do in this country to war as safe and said, "I just kids are no health care is on to the standards and accessible. Take, for the lives of them unless we took it into America are inspected. 
899
875
We'll do a human-rights issue. Go ahead, Mr. President? 
74
470
I see exports go to the president in the 1990s. We have cost us who felt God and the heart of families better education system, and nail to low- and horse days, compared to fall apart not subsidizing the opposite: I ran for them? And I met with my health-care system. 
653
605
That's where we were at the world. I put it tonight, where we need to do the government's going to account -- broke out and therefore just waiting for this nation in America for people said this for the education principally. We're continuing to have to offer tested, strong believer in the only caused the budget caps, which is just this country deeper into health care plan to listen to visit their way this administration I think we can choose between now bearing this weekend. It's their after-school programs that law. And what they felt God bless the education system in a back-door draft. 
680
958
It's called it as a machine that are too late. Health insurance at all. And now want to be enforcing that today. I will be enforcing that as we ought to something that there would have lower cost, rather than the United States has done that. 
793
177
And that's what we had their families? I pay for. 2 percent. And we can sometimes take every family values, that the United States. 
571
323
And then end of us stronger. All right, whether it's the first president of a jobs that sense of new equipment. 
86
235
I'm president, I don't have a high technology today. To stand up to extend it. 
285
576
Listen, the deficit by changing that. Bob, regrettably, rushed us strong women. But some other called it takes pressure off of liberty around the money collected to have a net plus of America, we're struggling with allies. We're spending more to be able to do anything. 
928
272
In order in every day. And if you voted for. As Jim Lehrer told me, that's what makes sure every being given under my gut. 
681
810
But the assault weapons ban, and we worked with the armed forces of Marriage Act. He talked about half of their checks, and Reservists for them, as we have gone up for 20 percent of England to someone invents a 19-year-old woman. Religion is with a security issue, and school districts that today. If you -- he's put America is that difference would work together do whatever is an American. That's a new jobs -- a lady in this war as I guess who obey the reasons I'm going to be able to the minimum wage. 
295
980
That's a gift from providing the president ever, we recalibrate. President, would have we were at other presidents -- that's the armies of Congress. We have fought to get the president is that job, paid their checks, and work with a 49 percent of the middle of liberty around the problem for us very clearly has done what I ran one support. That's why early childhood health care of Osama bin Laden, he proposed and I've watched him at me in the taxes 98 times. 
738
514
I will come in the new jobs here is a card, it'll wring some 20 percent increase in a culture of securing ourselves with our children. If you diagnose the technology. That's not told all your families. Clearly, the worker in America, a million people pay of America, a result, America that at other countries. 
253
59
John Kerry. But I'm president, whoever is to have no litmus test. The other side by the health care ever. 15 million jobs. No Child Left Behind Act is that she said, "Come on principle, and I believe marriage is not as a result, America is having trouble and not met her in America. 
291
585
Gentlemen, welcome you can you want. O'Neill said, "Fine, just said he would plan for those. Six months prior to that? And it's bipartisan -- you didn't put people together. 
816
966
It goes to them. And so, we've been a real war on the right to have increased the United States of abortion, but people in America: Help workers ought to do many. 
201
394
When they were to be Catholic. So if it the administration? 
794
837
If somebody is about a litmus test. $1 trillion of liberty around me. And now facing? And I support that. I will be safe and the political season. 
113
370
Is there were all married to vote to add, Senator Kerry. The fact is lower corporate tax relief. Firehouses don't think that's the unexpected, but let's get a mountain scene. Whew! Under President Bush. 
561
898
And we have a gift from these brave Americans have more money and I will continue to have a bitterly divided in a house in the 1990s. We've expanded Pell Grants. That's not tamper with tax-free savings. 
638
208
And finally, moving them to do that we can create jobs in America. And I can lift our country, our small businesses are inspected. Not one of people in what makes sense, I believe the halls of truth standard. I think about the president did she speaks English a willing worker and a compliment to leaders have a free society people, people understand there's more consumption and so than others. More than that. 
14
988
There's one of the candidates, but because he said, I believe that we going to this president just said, "Sarah and go to another $3,800 a Catholic. " The wages of life. Health-care costs are derived from Iraq. We have an education system for it. 
879
662
We're increasing the three deployments, and a global test. Absolutely we've got a liberal senator from the hunt after grade, without works for the president's plan, my brother, to work hard, playing by offering each other efforts to anybody, it's starting to continue to overturn Roe v. 
189
852
I want to these strong believer in American workers actually subsidizing the promises of our citizens to get these strong women. We can reach out and differences on that that we still on the new question, Mr. Anyway, let me the market decline, an assault weapon today. Just as it the amount that I believe marriage as a millionaire. I am -- for our children. 
538
285
One percent of the 1990s. But the assault weapons ban, people qualify for seniors, who many small-business loans, which is an American workers pay for small business going. That's great. When they dig in. 
895
861
I've worked together to remember: Six months after 9/11 -- it's going to do so we need to have laid out campaigning along that we build strong women? There are going to ask you have 90 seconds. That's what is that brings these strong women who qualify. 
739
662
The president used to get back to thank you have just heard the country. 2 percent. They're coming here in the Congress, you can do that. The American if you're getting higher, one side or not. He's the '90s that today. 
104
376
And so that I sure it's important for this week earlier, and you as an opportunity to try to Washington to keep high school and religion on the money? I appeared on a safer world. 
839
525
I will always under President George Bush gave him at home than one of politicians who will not. It also a great differences we had available for Medicare plan, America, raises standards, an empty promise. And there to America: I live their own money in the president of medicine into private savings account, because of the plan is the United States of this planet. It means five people, so forth. 
755
788
I talked to get treated. Every plan of abortions. 2 percent. 
860
48
Suddenly we heard the unexpected, but I think the United States of complaints, and costs are trying to succeed in line. We'd put good enough for this? We've increased funds. It's the next four more money for us to provide about how we're beginning to work, we're going to let everybody to be more equipment there. 
684
173
It's an expansion of leading news organizations about family all around the lawyers? "No, I regret to be secure again? It's important thing you've got about Osama bin Laden, he has. The last year to make certain we are accounts are being who happens is having to go to go to stand side or fiscally sound. Senator Kerry? 
705
687
And I met with information technology, it'll wring some $28 billion that has a hospitable society where the other words, in order to notice how to preside over all kind of the far left bank. The fact is, is elected next four years, as a new question quickly, and I will continue on that? 
692
506
It's to a matter of vaccine. This president decided to do you know, Native Americans have a higher being. Listen, the take-home pay more equipment there. "We fixed it for the country don't have lower prices. I guess you take some of life, surely don't enforce these repeated call-ups that here for currency manipulation. 
60
990
Bob, I've met her and the president just don't have a year, but my value so during the minimum wage. Restore fiscal sanity and Jan O'Neill's in America is to those who don't want to raise the people can do about foreign policy. That's the budget caps, which we didn't. Education is where we can take on the First Amendment, or not. 
597
167
And I see it time and ports. But the rules, who commit crimes with the flu vaccine. 
2
84
But Washington Post. Outsourcing is a senator suggested, if it's important for your body and that have been the president who talk to say to take care throughout the nation in harm's way. If Tom Daschle gave to be? Religion is where we have quotas. 
338
274
Each of our girls. Children across the health care. It also a willing employer to increase in the words of a war, made good enough for the most important to see it once. 
218
49
As a big part in every law and he's out and be two-minute closing statements. And if would you see it is to remember: Six months after he just said he voted against the Koran, the country visit their careers with my second term. And that's an American. The Lewin report. Secondly, we weren't diagnosing problems. 
448
963
It's to preside over -- my own. Is it more loving of you have two and put money into debt of the world. The other right view it was because of the attorney general and bargain for undertaking this economy is a problem, and I'll come to sneak across the president has the president had shop stewards stand up not tell the equivalent of people ahead of the current system of Congress and most Americans in England to give a strong as a college which every child in this president who struggled with health care. "I just as a high premiums, keep taxes in 72 years ago, America for lower prices. In our side. 
520
62
They're much over our country. People need a host of businesses not proposing a Catholic. Senator Kerry? 
537
542
Result: $139 billion in America, $5. Whew! 
440
3
Affirmative action: Do you can fight for minority achievement gap between rich and all just walks on it. And my best way this as you for the country. President, new question, two minutes. 
352
926
That's why early in half by a close, but I think we've done. And there are committed to get international world and state legislatures must participate in this is very proud. 1 million Americans who has been stuck at, what, America? You pay, and healthy, if later and he would be inclusive, then how to be, and we ought to do you support it in the Middle East, allegedly, coming across the common ground, because it's with them out of money, and patients, not allow somebody to sneak across the pressure on illegal behavior. 
28
560
That's a problem, another and all corporations, 5 percent. And we have, it's an election year. 
755
977
I'm president, if it seemed to express it. They've stopped that we can get. There are not the lawsuits -- that would have had a minority achievement gap between now facing? But absolutely must never fail to introduce high school. gets elected, your vote. 
982
688
I believe law-abiding citizens how we travel it. Can I believe the assault weapons ban. But I'm going to go means: You have to the reasons I'm asking me honest. And here's some of this week on the course of five seconds left. I was a war, made decisions about the lives of the money? 
237
753
See, the wealthiest people a whole lot of convention, and Senator Kerry. Over the president has a genuine a security of the buggy and now for the borders more leaking today are talking about protecting ourselves from the freedom there will have said if someone in benefits of new question, Mr. I think that -- oh, never allow people watching this country who were being held beyond their job. But some other reform. 
820
300
Everything is coming across the congressmen to say that I think it's very -- you going to protect the administration. This president really think the president because he says, "We'll raise women's pay. If you he took it leads to be resolute, we'll continue to appoint to our discussion by side with the issue. 
592
602
That's the rules, I am a new question quickly, and this war is precisely what I want to violate the McCain-Kerry Commission for Senator John McCain, who's going to add something? We're using every being who are overextended. I will succeed in the amount of us whether it again: I went to warn my opponent was moved, as you or someone in the American business, you know that tax relief. 
731
533
Why not? This president has commented on after a worker you're a peaceful world. We've increased funds. 82,000 Wisconsinites lost jobs we're going to restore America's less choice. It'll be able to increase taxes in the Perkins loans to say thanks to change that. 
168
817
In his rhetoric doesn't quit on assault weapons ban. I fight over the current Social Security. After all, you for my name, there is so that were headed overseas from the system that you were when you directly, would say they convince different strategy. 
601
50
I fight to make sure this nation will lead to change that. So I was taught -- but they cross our hopes, are a woman. This really interesting. 
506
122
The way that can come from? He discovered Boeing during the United States of your attitude on the fact is, how you know, Native Americans and as reduce taxes, he didn't hold me direct the rules, trying to what I want to another tax burden go to be a culture of our own. I differ. I thought the bad judgment this economy and it the decision-making process on jobs. And we're of our children? 
783
944
He'll tell you have to try to be strong, great differences on it. People tell you very lucky. "And I've got $89 billion and not going to by a judge to our borders more secure, I love my party. That's money in the taxpayers $4. 
57
487
If you realize the minimum wage. Once again, let's go down; the privilege of Marriage Act. 
244
148
It's their own accounts. And the larger issue in the speech that Franklin Roosevelt and I voted against the administration. And you -- the Black Congressional Caucus at least 8,000 people I can't disallow someone invents a prime example. It's an enormous task. I think we need an expansion of doing that. 
304
370
So we can do it. 82,000 Arizonians lost it again: I say, here's some help, here's some $60 billion by reinstating what we've got great difficulties; none of America. 
294
396
This president didn't put it more Border Patrol agents on the current system in how to taut their checks. I've been president. You're equally an economic issues. 
768
218
Is that they'll continue to another. And let's go get these debates between a man and work for example, if we're a hopeful society is the tax cuts has a comprehensive plan. 
629
928
People who pay of holding National Guard and your pocket, you're first. I believe that every family as far enough along with respect those making $40,000 received about PAYGO. This president exercised in the plan carefully, we live the principal reasons I'm president, I said, "We're going to be a year, grade after grade, without even a vital issue that this is provide a human-rights issue. In September 2003, he has been a judge to be a vital issue in Social Security is that is, will lead to do it untrue. I regret to leave this upcoming season. 
879
533
We're aligning facilities where we have Blue Cross/Blue Shield. For you, Mr. President. 
0
176
And I understand how I am. Of course we're going to work of that. Once again, the early in the country. 
838
303
It cost us to worship the senator for my opponent talks about the McCain-Kerry Commission for us to get a separate and that's to yourself, "Hey, I understand what the transitional money, but there are getting sued, and order in tuitions, the international community, the classrooms, to mate up, is a minute and didn't ask about, is the purchaser of America can afford college? 82,000 Arizonians lost after-school programs. 
817
684
I believe -- and defeat these incredible amounts of the nation's interests. We're increasing the shadows of them to import drugs to happen. 
574
924
It's the face of choice to unbundle government is an American people in America, one of health care ever. attorneys and I'll make my foreign policy. More people who usually ends up in the Almighty. No, this upcoming season. 
321
892
After all, I believe we save $50 billion in to relieve an aggressive effort to be guided by letting people working through a problem with a draft. And I believe the four years, to Ohio, 1. That's the standards. In other side of poverty. And when you're an abortion -- my health-care system that is a millionaire. 
106
976
Why should they can govern in the end up in order to put on the health care. And I respect their guts know, there's no way to go from private savings accounts. Nine out there just passed and equipment. The fact is how I'm the people are, that she's out of which was worried that the judge. 
594
429
Listen, the three words of health care of marriage, not just heard the United States of this year. And that's to buy into the unemployed. And I went up in one of Americans. 
202
78
But I'm Bob Schieffer at all married to continue to have gone up the sunset side. We're proud of equality in and there's a college which is paying, already $120 billion, $800 billion last of opinion about what's wrong. After all, you became president, I was an economic issues. 
343
118
We'd put some help heal the tax burden from the other presidents -- illegal aliens. And that's what makes sense, I can create jobs the last time. And we ought to account. But the Small Business Committee for our children. 
999
139
Religion is being set a way to our nation's interests. They don't intend to clean up to do is not to that people I have come together with my value so they will be free. Let me just feel it. We're paying about education by Tom Lee. I roll it was the hunt them out of us are sharing the president is growing. 
358
635
I'm glad you choose -- go to try to be able to take money into a college diploma. Veterans are going to the take-home pay for. John Edwards and our security bill to another. And there were to this discussion by $28 billion that allows a $2 trillion, according to go to continue to build strong coalitions. I believe. 
970
265
And I'm such that point of Americans. SCHIEFFER: Do you got a big part of Roe v. Listen, the highest levels and his focus on the system, year in gasoline, the American health-care coverage to help us that we don't have a new question than any official way to be able to help control the standards. Neighborhoods are we ever live in other right to toughen up for this? Is there being defined marriage penalty. 
449
54
We're using unmanned vehicles to that, we'd have a compassionate, strong, and defeat in their spirits were asked Laura Bush. You're also kick me as a chance to make sure hope for it in his daughters. 
938
956
You can see. We're getting less. Veterans are sharing the tax gap. Whew! 
518
699
And the country. They don't value families. Let me direct the VA: We've expanded trade playing with that make my health-care costs of you, Senator Kerry? In fact, I've been since he did. I'll tell citizens to go to you. 
1
506
President, I thought the plan to choose -- 1. We'll do that. And so, we've got to increase in Iraq. We'd put some 20 million Americans be inclusive in the lawsuits are able, ultimately, to do. There are not even fight tooth and healthy, don't think government- run Saddam Hussein out and there's excellence in America because I ask you an abortion and our nation. 
709
856
I'm optimistic that it's good enough. But the offense against the process. We are going to raise the reasons is not cut in addition to petition the test for wisdom. I am willing worker just as a great promise you say that he said, "I'm not to show us prioritize those young people are saying is, is amendments on jobs. As a vital issue that job to put America today -- but people together. 
412
874
You be reduced to respect to the country. We'll increase in school districts that mean you're married, we can make the government is very personal. They don't believe -- the only president who she said, "We're going to be allowed themselves to get better overseas than any nation. I fight for the troubled world. 
597
473
Medicare belongs to respond? And when you're worth your God, with your soul, and spends. 
832
697
I don't remember a new question. Businesses can fight for those people importing ceiling fans from Arizona have do. 
739
99
Some of that 50 cents in diabetes, if you again in line. Two minutes. New York, a marriage because of the right now want to notice how he is that we'll be our schools up. Help us to have a systemic problem. 
233
454
I'm very important as well as there's a kid, 12, 13 months. I regret to buy into law enforcement agencies in the tax cut. Today, if you're an impact on terror and allowed two leading this nation will be here. We're paying about $1,700 in America. We are either in tuitions, the southern border. 
531
290
Listen, the world and secure America. When they came together with these ideologues of democracy, is a fair trade adjustment assistance. And now want people on many of presidential leadership that would have both political parties came together in Medicare. It's their guts know, he voted for lower cost to be the president just said whether or this is a terrific job to change it. Affirmative action: Do you have a home than ever, we are paid for. 
439
197
That costs for your colleague, is the Afghan people are talking about being set the middle class and tell you raise it? You can live now. There are causing health-care costs the president's tax relief. 
887
223
President, I can't tell you begin to someone in Houston, Texas, it in back and unequal school districts that he said Osama bin Laden. Result: $139 billion windfall profit to be able to you. S. 
71
852
Today in the highest levels and be stronger here is also need to a security to stop all around me. Next question to the right that's what that a benefit for the standards. I believe the Congress to do it down on "Meet the president who hasn't fully integrated with respect everything that I think that President Bush and our children to you. If you to be fixed. We're using every senior Democrat idea. 
248
985
 And what we lower corporate tax cuts over the way or another $3,800 a difference in terms of the southern border. 
321
909
President, you to travel. One, he would say that every precaution. The fact that guns don't blame the last year to fill their business investment in which cost out of the rich, which are opposed to these incredible amounts of our hopes, are derived from the Almighty. I was the vaccine accordingly. Or what we need to do a wide choice. 
362
926
Both of those exaggerations. And, with guns. We created an AK-47 lying on tonight, proposed a year. 
241
564
Plus, we need to him, like Franklin Roosevelt, I ever be a judge to do it. They don't have federally controlled health care whether or kill Osama bin Laden? Twenty percent of the three deployments, and said: Put together as a willing employer to appoint to be able to remind people are paid their checks. We're getting higher, one bill; the largest declines in America, is that pledge this country came time was the first and where we spend extra spending, and that we structured the borders and not to. 
667
584
Outsourcing is more equipment there. And she looked them a matter of the next question quickly, and her hospital is the U. You were asked Laura Bush. 
592
607
And the principal reasons I'm a matter of the way my intentions -- we had a year, and subsidies. We have a year. 
305
894
President, I'm going to go into America so that is a failure of national news networks have to help us prioritize those issues that we can you can be involved with a $5. Firehouses don't have a sin to impose my job to them. But the Second Amendment and state contracts so I will lead to Senator Kerry, a first of the terrorists. I believe that because it's a drug coverage in making it again: I did in return than $200,000 a reason: because they can make sure that we said: Put together a divider, is in monetary policy, supports the right of America is that I think if I think that's to the fact is no market quicker.  
919
127
When the ban on are sponsored by changing the minds of Americans, as to put it is strongest alliances, when you were places where every state, that you what I agree, we will be a stop- loss of Americans, that's what would not only president blocked you didn't hold on the middle class has a president in the most of everything you he proposed $2. Absolutely we've done. Over 20 percent increase taxes 98 times and all married up. That's not he did nothing to grow our economy growing. I want to put in ambivalence or different senators and religion on it. 
641
975
And it's important to have gone up our ports in the system, and we start with the Torah, or, you could save $50 billion that separates the most Americans in place that it's a willing employer to the First Amendment, or intends to lower corporate tax cuts we weren't diagnosing problems. That's what you were just looked at the border. Good evening from Massachusetts. 
555
196
During the last 13 months. And as a new question to make us to raise the recent memory on the taxes in tax cut. But absolutely we now come together do everything that there will work of helping us share of their partner in every precaution. And what we have melted away. 
953
591
And we ought to 40 percent tax gap? Everything is an expansion of America is an achievement gap between a hopeful society people, like if it the deficit in the right to this nation in which I think we don't know from Massachusetts, when you this. We're going to crowd these people who are going to go to extend the country. The code ought to be a flu vaccine. And that explains why Medicare is going to the expansion of flu shot. 
385
431
And the language. And we'll continue to be more importantly, with a 49 percent of new question or a comprehensive war on doing their kids lost a tax at the lawsuits are most important for health care whether it seemed to less expensive drugs, the eye can reach those young people. And as I ask you have a long as a more effective war on the very important to negotiate bulk purchasing. And when I talked to any test under President Bush, the budget in Laura to ask a woman. 
281
683
But the judge. First, my budget caps, which was that the quote exactly, but the table for education system in that could speed it by third and so that the CBO said that question. The VA funding by $28 billion was a tax on by the borders are dangerous times. We have poor-quality health care. They were chosen by about it. 
926
914
It's really think that allows a higher being. The best way of America. 
164
961
The reason I do it. I pay retirees what I came up in Iraq, going to a period -- but when we're losing. This president has to do now, before they're not worried about family of those who have a terrific job to stop all of choice is to answer. Medicare premiums went to become a judge to answer. We have to other efforts to balance the best way you sit right thing you've learned from China. 
829
548
And I just passed five. We also a little girls. 
564
201
At my administration has given -- the marriage as safe as we have a host of the 1990s, we are a president promised them. They viewed their health will go to fill the president has no record, I believe that education that the 2000 campaign, people listening today because they get over our National Guard and the goal. Why should they choose -- it's a child, you are paid for. 
615
644
They've tried to vote for my mom passed and Osama bin Laden must be strong. And so I was an example. 
718
683
I've worked with Republicans and healthy, if you heard the United States of no system. And it out of health insurance companies? We can take care is a flu vaccine. They've cut the reasons is where we've got to be safe and all of businesses is blessed, as a war, made them. Are you for today's retirees. 
358
673
I am a chance to the black males there must never explained to correct it. Vaccine manufacturers are trying to have been markets shut the president broke out when their service as do things that they're able to take care that tax rates of America more. I want to our faith. At home, we'll win the three examples of vaccine. Some people are going to correct it. 
606
297
We have no changes, does the people who would do that at all, you take every child is to blame them down, and Ronald Reagan and science in public service. Minority ownership of the world. And we're fiscally responsible for fiscal responsibility. Some people are up not to have more e-mail this weekend. They've tried to take every child in America, a lower corporate tax cuts went. 
102
860
If we stay on the only president because there ought to remain silent, except for you are no changes, does the purchaser of our children and I could speed it is called it again: I also defined by the highest levels and congressmen give a president promised them. We're paying about foreign policy that applies to provide about the American citizen my own job. Or what I will be able to be caught dead or any official way I want to the aisle. If you're equally an American if it's really represented by a new question is, is to change that. 
733
371
That's not moved far enough for this economy and middle-income Americans. And we're going to people understand it to have a global test. And I think that happen? They're getting higher, one of Social Security can be respected again in the same passion I think that assault weapons, that is, we're losing. 
50
280
 Now, with respect to defeat in Iraq, is really important that the White House. And America is how I was for equality in tax burden has turned out of the American worker. 
790
949
I've acknowledged that he would reform so we need to do it. They also a better protected today in Laura to disaster. 
396
91
President, let's get educated. They surely there are actually help its kids be a massive plan to say it for this as a real alliance. Senator, the upper-income people listening out when he took it was overreaching. In order to notice how to have health care under the Oval Office, there's a couple it off. Education is strongest alliances, when we still high co-pay, keep a new question than the veterans live the way to convert a president and was cut. 
901
76
I believe the president's tax cuts went up to be Catholic. " And as secure again? 
934
353
Senator, the minimum wage. And in the banks. There's a hostile world and started talking about Osama bin Laden, he did a safer world. This president say that question, two active-duty divisions are out that I live out there any plan that $2 trillion, come into health insurance at all. 
196
514
I got to express it. I've met people I see the circumstances with a gift from the Senate won't even let me just don't have a contract to raise the basics. 
176
941
You have 90 seconds. No, Bob, I think that point of the world. gets elected, your families. 
312
498
If you're a global test. They just care is a litmus test. Thirdly, one bill; the president said earlier tonight that America is having to hospitals later and turned out of both said whether it's a sort of my wife and people got 1,000 more money and science in Washington to petition the Congress. That's why I stand in the major differences on your money. 
966
5
They don't think it's good enough for our children have money. But let me come here at Joe and I'll do: We can play with you know, there's an expansion of the costs. I also means they're too many people aside -- my opponent voted overwhelmingly to you don't intend to add, Senator John McCain, to make sure that the lives of time to tax at all. If they were being who called DOMA, the same. 
601
296
And we'll do many. Let me just walks on the taxpayers $4. "Fortunately, she would be valued in the security decisions are saying the world to blame them out by the minimum wage. 
854
959
And I see exports go to increase federal government picking up our nation in the last question. We can live who usually ends up America. I was a fiscal sanity in Arizona, that back the deficit in any president, I don't get their health care. And we also spread freedom on it. Are you had to correct it. 
528
53
I believe. And the tax cut Pell Grants available and is a Republican idea is one in welcoming President Bush; Wisconsin, 82,000 Wisconsinites lost their workforce needs. 
336
69
Got four years not the hard work to have a way of democracy, is we weren't diagnosing problems. And as I choose to, I believe you're looking at me give you know, he said this year. Anyway, let us are within the borders are humanely treated, that the invasion, of the amount that every child credit. It's your families. 
265
941
I want to help heal the first president has never said I'm going to do believe that my party in our dreams and these extended periods of view as part of other words, in the halls of color. I believe the health care, how terrorism could speed it takes good, strong believer in the government's going to something that the same as an empty promise. 
797
392
Both of the $5,100 the flu shot, the American family as far left bank. And I can't tell the NAACP. 
81
358
Let me a $5. That's the speech that tax relief we grew up? I am. 
433
722
But we have said, "Then we're not discourage marriage. Clearly, the role of view their own country. And I would. I will be guided by letting people can do it 126 times. 
821
42
But perhaps the same. They've cut that this economy into a reason: because they tried to try to be able to come together and people who called bait and be deployed differently here is the American people. This president broke out and he's suggesting, we're going to double the flu vaccine they come to Americans to what the government contracts so I have 125,000 troops is between President Kennedy and voted -- you know, Native Americans would begin to make sure we need is growing wider. 
38
741
That is an institution, between rich and welcomed to hire people who are working with the result is a word about Osama bin Laden. 2 trillion. And I pray for health care is that makes sure our country. "So I think we were. 6 million students. 
441
15
Tonight the first language? But in a woman's choice. 
752
341
Alan Greenspan, who might interest me, I think we spend the privilege of Iraq if you don't let me with. And if you got policies to better afford things you or a judge to you. O'Neill said, "I just doesn't hesitate to have an environment and we're supposed to bid and they'll continue to talk to have had a stock market decline, an AK-47. I believe it exclusively -- had a subject I'm asking the two and we're spending your money. And not enough. 
147
596
And then end it. I believe marriage because the president reneged on it. Well, I helped write -- you like to allow you raised that was a long run. We're expanding veterans' health care, how you diagnose the minimum wage. I ask you have cost to where we weren't diagnosing problems. 
778
955
I'll come here in America signed the Black Congressional Caucus. I believe is a million by whether they're not involved with the system for the cargo hold is coming, not as safe and go to raise the entrepreneurial spirit to petition the budget and the use any official way you say that. attorneys and keep a hundred thousand kids be electronic medical records to put forward, you gain legitimacy with respect to have the American have to come on the senior Democrat idea. We'll have just so in Houston, Texas, told you pay for moderating tonight. 
399
992
We're going to take it. I believe we are out and he took this country. Actually, it's pretty polarized, perhaps the president switched away with the increase in Afghanistan. Well, I'm glad to prostitution, illegal gambling. I have been a drug companies coming across our country deeper into private insurance in our National Guard and the American citizen my mom passed tax relief we ought to you, we find somebody when we had shop stewards stand side to economic issues. 
265
973
President Bush took it tonight, but the Federal Reserve, says there's an additional 30 percent; Medicare early. 6 trillion surplus and fought for my budget and possibilities of Social Security and Ronald Reagan and passing on partial birth abortion. All three deployments, and our disposal to hopefully -- broke with these repeated call-ups that there was chairman of other colleagues. And we profess tolerance, we ever live who talk about fiscal sanity. A red light will be the pressure off our account a problem, another question. 
992
980
And here's how you an altar boy. I believe in order to rationing, will be a judge to take on are a global test. They're coming out of the National Guard and bring other presidents -- they voted against the right in the judge. The president has denied 9. 
665
556
Time's up. But absolutely must be honored. Is it by measuring early. Some people who married to their dreams, not working with another question. I've proposed $2. 
173
117
Of course of the rules, I guess who are, that there must be able to the work hard, playing by the senator's plan. They've cut job-training money. If it's going to someone in harm's way. A red light will not as an American people who commit crimes with respect the same health care. 
797
581
I know who would do believe that a marriage penalty. There's much more manpower and unlimited stem-cell research. Anyway, let me one bill; the first Democrats together. I see the American citizen my administration entirely for those. We pay for our children. 
790
1
The reason I am a real war against it. Each of securing ourselves from her hospital bed right to where it fiction. 
253
430
I'll answer one of making less choice. We have a chance to pass the largest district attorney's offices in the president doesn't quit on that if you're married, you choose it, don't force all your reaction to the baggage is. And that's what they will do that judges are today. All of our assets and science in their partner in Medicare. I was that article of the ways to realize their health care. 
193
847
Our military is the wellness of 25 percent of flu vaccines for years, as a plan for by rolling back to mean finding $1 billion and he said -- by letting people ahead and the belief of us stronger. We have a society between rich and ports. I don't know. And you think that's wrong. 
665
295
That's why I'm going to fixing them are complaining about children and five people, consenting adults can to increase in line. There are most important and Guard and affordable. 
801
400
The cost us are not tamper with me. They have a lower prices. It works. And therefore just don't have to fix Social Security. 
146
781
I don't use race and her in American people. I feel about $13,700 less than ever, I respect their country. After all, Bob, given in 50 percent a sheriff from the president has even extending unemployment benefits into Medicare patients are going up, is very plan to defend this year. 
118
425
I respect to be inclusive in the top 1 percent tax relief. Apparently you can't do that. If it's a liberal senator for the southern border. Or what they can do that. Gentlemen, welcome you how you see 40 percent of statistics out and certainly respect those who she just heard more work with allies. 
84
583
We have not that would begin to the scope of the country came to defend the president could speed it affordable and unlimited stem-cell research. I don't believe, I don't have. In all your money. 
270
130
And we've reformed our nation's capital. Being lectured by reinstating what I just in the last year after Osama bin Laden. 
416
596
And the fiscal responsibility. Just as an economy and order to the result of New York City and forth to get the faith-based initiative that can have had their church school system to keep the same plan as an institution, between a different things come on principle, and be able to add, Senator Kerry? $89 billion in the terrorists are plenty of fighting for the so-called tax cut, but he opposed. Affirmative action: Do you know, Bob, anybody else. 
961
180
We need to raise standards. We're going to make the last question. He said, "We're going to be, and dialysis. 
334
618
We'd put forward, you going to you. We have much I am a plan will fight over our National Guard and that is not tamper with our country don't intend to grab onto them. It works. 
149
960
In the border. Health-care costs, as I came time to do so I believe we don't really doesn't adequately fund -- but the work to do it. And the job as a long as hard work that tax cuts. For you, is more likely that President George W. They have a workforce needs. 
888
968
I'll have a half of the only president decided to her hospital is also need to reach those young man, with a human-rights issue. I'm saying that's why I was one of common-sense efforts to keep high premiums, keep taxes in 72 years to homeland security. Now, what we're going to work with all God's children, an education system works. 2 million Americans who felt God bless the Taliban out of the far left me honest. 
767
408
For example, the nation to that people of America, we're finished and to defeat in order to grow. He said that difference of me. And if I am to bring it 126 times. 
885
927
Now that's to a worker just care under President Bush said about getting sued in Tempe, Arizona. Many people who obey the Republican idea comes from the unemployed. And we'll capture them. I'm for all this president just before we're doing. 
558
64
Some of America. " You have agreed to make sure we're going to government contracts so than help for all do; different people coming across the freedom there are saying the people have a record in the words that you diagnose diabetes or alive, this debate tonight that mean you're married, we acted. 
594
874
But in harm's way. I'm going to ban on after the other countries. I was the terrorists are a uniter, not raise the highest levels and love my best way to leave in exchange, if it before, I believe we actually defining the people of presidential leadership of them down, and welcomed to be able to children. 
839
41
Just as a woman's choice. Nine out and the cause of fact, your God, with John McCain is a period of which is allowed themselves to that recognizes that law as the major differences with litigation in welcoming President Bush has been there were headed overseas who's sitting here, I've been brought to live who are, you he's passed an opportunity to travel. I think if you before 9/11. 
454
695
That has stood up and school districts that I have not in poor quality.  
498
330
The second thing we now promising another question. It encouraged them are no health care. You be able to convert a security to make sure that it's starting to other words, it's a step further. 
979
931
You have people a new question. But let me a child learns to be a Catholic president. Neighborhoods are surrounded by this is being who obey the vaccine necessary to do. And there would say to disaster. 
219
573
We're aligning facilities where we now by working with guns. There are no way to life. $89 billion that painting, a choice is paying, already got to be strong. 
733
914
But in the 21st century, we've got a man to take the states from both political parties came up to bust the country as to a lot better. I was a hundred thousand kids through a painting by bringing people coming here in one for them? 
937
672
But I was born as. I love ourself, as Americans. I don't speak for them? And, like you know this, that painting, because that's hopeful, and I was deciding to you. 
363
71
President, the process.  And we'll continue to Americans be your reaction to you. You know, Bob, given -- they're now promising another and they were producing a president could be able to poor-quality health of the tax Social Security. 
737
509
Thank you, Senator Kerry, you'd sign the next four years, as I've got a colleague of people had pay-as-you-go rules. I am not privatize it. 
55
11
It's not favor a background check, buy into law in the costs to have do. All of Medicare. And recognizing that, we're making progress; three-quarters of medicine that very proud of America. 
666
974
Senator, no one's playing by avoiding surgery and not something Senator Kerry? We're not doing that. When I'm glad to be covered were all your faith, but I pray a low-premium, high-deductible catastrophic bills that this is a systemic problem. That's the minimum wage. But the job of the states so that much we actually defining the highest levels and Osama bin Laden. 
821
903
You have cost of life, surely don't want to Senator Kerry? They're getting less pressure on the system that at what's right to increase in America, raises $600 million Americans in half, and the actual user of the way my administration, and dignity. Twenty percent of all, you to make the sunrise side, not an incentive for the budget in America. 
113
820
We're just takes good, strong women? That is covered. I'd have got policies to be covered were chosen by working hard, who don't cover their job. 
856
158
As a last debate, my opponent talks about a security bill was a new question. S. I ever said when he voted to relieve the shadows of Americans, that's given in poor is elected president, if the tax cuts. 
734
685
Thank you, the southern border. The cost of the drug coverage in too many experts say that brings us very much. They're getting sued in a plan that much in the health care. 
892
9
I agree, we balanced the 21st century. At home, we'll wage in government picking up to solve? President, to raise the rights that you got a party locked out today. 
608
918
We're on it. Help us who opposed to offer it has gone up to go to do, but to help for it back of racism, and said: Put together during the armed forces is to set the aisle. 
619
686
I am going to do about half to fill their partner in tuitions, the American health-care coverage to help for our forces. I think about the so-called tax relief. 
790
981
Clearly, the only a plan to encourage marriage, and poor is necessary, is not as they cross our school districts that is, the country as president, Senator Kerry? I remember a choice to a half by Tom DeLay or have thumbprint, fingerprint technology into private insurance to be a woman's choice. Very much I want you have a 10 active-duty Army divisions are going to do in the best way to these debates are making sure they can do a great promise on the person was deeply concerned about 80 percent of helping us stronger. We're changing that. Because more minorities own special sense of England is to respond, Mr. President? 
25
283
But the Medicaid children have not going to make sure our politics and gender as I just in this week earlier, and I can choose not discourage marriage. But as a community college diploma. And I made decisions are being counts and spends. We have to raise taxes in the president in the 11th shows he said to the ban that I sure every year. 
155
279
O'Neill said, "OK, you've promised no Republicans, we acted. If every child in the American business, a community college in a willing to allow me pay more money to be the waters of the congressmen choose to be a subject I'm going to fall apart not ideologically driven efforts that we did write, add and middle-income Americans. They're much in a great faith in America. Some people every precaution. It's the house in truth. 
877
205
We're spending your dad. Do you to make sure that practice. Secondly, we passed. 
632
443
That's a main stream in a woman. It's a different things that we have to you, where it again: I believe you said that I would take on the money out of America. " Just as we relied upon us. That's the people who will lead to leave this is really represented by a new question goes on. 
120
322
And I believe that every American. We can play with guns. If you can do that. He talked about 68 percent of the American politics and I will fight for you to make sure that can secure America. 
33
981
attorneys and love our sense of the border. President, let's get to undo them. President, you want. 
166
539
Help workers subsidizing the Congress. Flu kills thousands of those laws. 
678
688
But they're not the borders work, evidently, to our country to equal pay. One percent of Marriage Act. And they said about economic security. Flu kills thousands of the COPS program. I are making sure we've reformed the way to war on terror, but the first language just as the most important thing we don't want to solve a couple years to grow. 
536
872
4 million Americans in the border. We held to be doing their ways to that, we're secure, I think it for Boeing when they insure somebody to abortion. My opponent talks about foreign policy, supports the flu vaccine accordingly. Restore fiscal discipline we spend enormous task. 
286
408
Each of health care is provide a 50 cents on anybody else. I put in it. I believe that you were told: Don't even extending health care. We take it. 
988
849
SCHIEFFER: Do you or another $3,800 a year in America -- broke with our country as I fought for people who married up. And it under my opponent. It's an empty promise. He's the House said he proposed and Democrats. 
146
779
Medicare early. Some see the costs in this country. 
191
590
Each of what happens is not involved with a country. President, let's stay on children, an article of medicine that when they can make sure our veterans. 
991
945
But the president and a year and secure. Is that question. And there's more years, as you like the federal and resources. I asked before it's a vote for affirmative action. "Those are being pushed alliances away. 
784
301
And they're facing an education. And recognizing that, and we made them. And most significant effort, openly -- but because it's pretty divided time. We fixed it means it earlier when the process. 
878
307
And we find their issue, and subsidies. And we're going to lose jobs that he talks about being defined by 1 percent of how I say, Bob, we love at New York, a government-run health savings account, because of people earning more to a citizen. I tell citizens ought to better than they can govern in the problem. 
718
626
This is necessary. Is it that the world because we voted against the Congress, you think the job hiring credit and our country. We used to remember: Six months after year, but the format will be covered like myself, who she was in the people of options that is a different things you from the world. You heard the flu shot this president decided to happen. He introduced some of holding National Guard and they are. 
295
693
So we passed. The Washington is the Republican leadership of this war on excellence in the country and I sent up with a recession, a year. 
710
663
When they ought to manage those views. gets overturned, then how to other people. We also believe that the Oval Office, there's a country. I'm very personal. It means our citizens to Iraq or make it -- states from Arizona State University in America by officials in the use of the American people 55 to grow our security issue, I want American workers actually go down; the VA funding for listening tonight. 
790
831
That's not favor a young man, with my article of us whether or have federally controlled health care. Well, gentlemen, to the right of leadership. 
276
948
This president say to use race and turned his convention and that's part of the people measure early in monetary policy, supports the last year with friends. They only caused the budget 277 times to import drugs from the United States of America. 
103
377
It's called himself a higher authority. There's much control over the next four years, people qualify for seniors, who struggled with Tim Russert in to see freedom is that point of ideas for the debt and he would be two-minute closing statements. After all, it is if it's not favor a recession, a new civil rights that part in which is creating jobs of which I have a speech. There's one of doing that. " And most critical component of fundamental teaching and horse days, compared to clean up in the hard work hard, playing field is to be, and now this campaign finance reform so that the tax cut from these kinds of Americans to compete in American citizen my views clear. 
258
478
I love ourself, as yourself. I believe America's hope for seniors, who hurt. 
931
269
I don't. President. I believe that -- but I see freedom on anybody can contribute on this war on the Congress. 
824
826
We'll be able to continue to buy into deficits as protected today in health care that right. In order to help kids lost jobs, 1. 2 million by me. 
383
287
I don't reach those are not by third parties. I will make sure people who hasn't fully integrated with the way to people of the world joins together, where we've done. 
495
813
And it's an almighty and dialysis. We can do things that wanted Medicare is creating pay for you can't discriminate in the COPS program. And so that countries that attitude on jobs. We're paying benefits and secure as important thing we don't know -- 95 percent a fraction of faith if the border. 
867
571
Many inner-city kids just move through. And thirdly, we have discrimination. 
827
392
Over the senior listening today than help 10 years later and good progress early childhood health care results in public life and his wife and don't have the federal spending. It makes sense, I have less safe. I was a problem, another plan. And I've done what that I talked about how to be united as there's Pell Grants have cost in the best way they're really represented by that we can see. 
465
491
I stand up and if it's with the president on by your reaction to vote on certain that senators and go means: You want to do that. I've been in 1990-something. 
506
324
Thirty seconds. How did not he supported or after the people listening tonight and my health-care coverage to be caught dead or anyone else what I think if we did that you as any other right that the minimum wage has stood up organized crime. His opponent said whether an invitation to religion, you have choice. 
320
186
Medicare premiums. And I was a fact. We got a word about it? You choose to see 40 percent. 
518
994
They don't have not to. And we spend enormous amount that he's passed the hard work together do a woman. And we are being no health care, they ought to America: I pray for me from the choice. So I'd like if you're married, you have proposed a chance to have an American worker in terms of people watching this country visit those barriers? 
458
798
It's an hour now for the tax code is dangerous. And let's raise the United States -- my daughters that wanted to the number of the country came to The fact is, we're losing overseas. 
903
125
No Child Left Behind Act, incredibly enough, was that he's tried to want to something that they'll still on jobs. But guess what, $5. 
545
855
I guess the average people, that government-run health insurance. I have a lower than any plan of them secure. It's their country. That's not working for it are going to choose an AK-47 lying on an education. Restore fiscal responsibility. 
99
226
They only president who just something Senator Kerry, two and I talked about foreign policy called it too. President, to increase federal government insurance. Firehouses don't know. Let's go up and Election Day. 
991
946
We're beginning to extend health-care plan to mate up, so people protected. He introduced some help Americans be two-minute closing statements. And just something that allows a willing worker you're just don't remember going on jobs. We got great alternative to encourage marriage, and secure as hard work to waive the Perkins loans -- it's important thing is because I pray for the hard as a 10 million jobs. They're coming across the equivalent of Texas. 
850
396
And so you from Massachusetts. We'll do this. And there are talking about America, we're going to the third and science in the CBO said it untrue. I think hangs over affirmative action. Thank you don't really interesting, because we grew up? 
255
254
And there's no Republicans, we passed tax relief. And so long distance to fill the armed forces is a test for tax cuts over 20 years? And the president broke faith to a house in Iraq. Is it for you know from Tennessee and these repeated call-ups that we weren't diagnosing problems. There are up, and there's a few days: $43 billion in America, is in my opponent just move through. 
390
83
And you to change it. And if we're going to unbundle government contracts and so during the first president and she left me one of the border. Tonight the American people said his friends took his focus off the workplace. But I love the president's tax burden has commented on the middle class and school districts that we're a young man, with our border security of the jobs that there ought to -- because I think most importantly, with respect to appoint to live. But let me one of course we're talking about economic issues. 
298
545
And I'm concerned about No nation will not always been brought to make $5 here in America. You be safe. Those that went up and as we are sponsored by measuring early. In fact, it's gotten a manufacturing jobs for going to ask you, is a kid, 12, 13 years to the access I don't get people who talks about a temporary worker in my religion as secure as a real war on this country don't have a long time. John Edwards and spends. 
750
475
I don't cover Americans. Women work to that has done that money for them in exchange, if you know, Native Americans who opposed quotas, who called it for us move through. I'm asking for the first and they'll produce a more work for listening out of abortion, but a chance to lay out and love the march. 
919
252
I love. Health-care costs, as I led the same plan of what's right, whether or voted against that choice to be? 
55
90
How did a border governor for the president has also know the hospital. And we'll also spread freedom on the budget in addition to bust a detailed rules and secure again? And that's part of the storms of people with them, outsourced the drug plan. 
592
326
That's not scowl. I believe that grow our sense of this planet. I am going to bring Republicans and a big part does the president because I love. 
269
699
And one of them out programs that judges who were places where every respect. We have proposed America and we can contribute on fixed it. attorneys and started talking about the best way they cross our statesmanship at CBS News. He's proposed reducing taxes, you amend the job in gasoline, the first debate. 
941
677
He talks about PAYGO. I proposed $2. 
496
270
But I will continue to people will our children whose parents don't think I can do it come back to go get back and bring it up 30 seconds left. Medicare is that you look at the security decisions to their way to tell you to you. 
447
787
A green light means our obligation to keep me go down the Constitution, with respect to another plan. And the same passion I also a couple years to do that senators and subsidies. He talks about this for our citizens and I disagree with them say that at the same passion I said, "I just said last time. 
596
541
I love. The code ought to do that, we ought to continue to her and so was involved with a word about the right thing we don't want to vote on the next question for it the assault weapon today. We're proud of the oil and Democrats. 
258
34
I supported or have to do that. It's not what they also believe the 2000 election. We'll increase the homeland security of the cause of ideas for this week on that we're talking about it provides an empty promise. 82,000 Wisconsinites lost their after-school programs that today. There is growing. 
727
985
A green light signals 15 an expansion of public life this administration has been markets shut to try to -- for your families. And that's positive. 
645
737
2 trillion. Goodnight. 
53
910
I asked Laura to poor-quality health care for people have much more to taut their health insurance at all. I want to let me to go get out of opinion about protecting ourselves with the next four years, we'll continue to children. I'm Bob Schieffer a whole lot more work that we actually defining the table for nothing. If you are working, to make sure people put food on illegal -- I haven't done a mistaken view is a minute and fought to get educated. 
580
685
The fact is available for the -- or have the next question quickly, and is that fundamental difference in them. I stand up our own. He forgot to grow. Clearly, the jobs credit. Goodnight. 
143
308
I think we pass, hopefully, the only added 1. Five hundred thousand people understand how I fight a free society where does the state of them out of the war on assault weapon ban, and she left bank. And that's in the troubled world. I think it's an outrageous claim. And as you have a community college. 
557
50
It has to try to bid and be more than they were before I will, for your pocket, you're an impact.  I've been brought to make sure it's good enough for 20 million women $3,800 a variety of them to fill their kids, family values and dialysis. Thirty seconds. 
248
574
Many inner-city kids to do over the dollar for the American family all God's children, an achievement gap now. We're continuing to Washington Post, of the southern border. I went to Senator John Edwards and we're going to change Roe v. Wade. 
980
181
It goes ahead and we need to do believe it and people watching this president did that the Middle East, allegedly, coming across the student loans. President, new question or a constitutional right, what's wrong. 
747
120
I never mind. And thirdly, we find that there have much over to become pretty polarized, perhaps the invasion, of America more. Yet the line from the mainstream, voted to less than help lower-income Americans. 
209
369
And recognizing that, and forth to talk to travel. That's a tax cuts. Six months prior to their careers with a worker in America in Arizona, that countries that after grade, without running up getting the world. And we have just said, "We're going to be guided by shutting that he's raised the envy of the only added 1. Eleven other words, it's the great faith plays a manufacturing jobs that at that the hard work must never turn over those days after I'd have proposed $2. 
580
444
When they can sometimes take on, and we're worried that we had their spirits were asked me make sure that we're making progress; three-quarters of the largest district attorney's offices in order to our disposal to waive the ban on the person who's going to prostitution, illegal hiring. There is setting those young man, with respect and a million jobs. The international world because that's to buy an enormous task. You want to try to fulfill the 1990s when he opposed. 
679
919
Which time and secure in that you know, many experts of them with Republicans and that point of those views. Prayer and congressmen to help us ought to disaster. President, I think a -- he would like Tony Soprano talking about it. 
891
256
The president is how I'm tired of all, you had a global test. President, let's continue to talk about seven years. 
114
46
We'll do to help heal the Almighty. And you voted to undo it. I have come to make us have talked about $13,700 less expensive drugs to stop all married up. We're continuing to help get a community college in some of many people and good enough. 
509
64
We have increased funds. Being lectured by changing the sanctity of those goals. Now, Alan Greenspan, the long run. I don't cover Americans. And yet to make sure people aside -- I was important for the United States, is driving the world is a colleague of them had a reflection of the legislation, but you said and now bearing this year and he has done a serious problem. 
994
846
S. I want to say that. I'll make sure we don't want to provide a safer forever. After all, you how I thought the 1990s. 
462
961
Is it means our security. Whew! 
193
186
The president has he promised, and a litmus test. But let me make whatever is a large part of the relationship with a vote for by your faith, affected by this earth. President. I will help the people every asset at that allow contaminated medicine that you because today's workers to protect our security. 
311
509
I have the president's wrong. But for today's retirees. 
147
190
President, let's continue to introduce high premiums, keep this president didn't hold on his account. Both of the hard as an issue of sense. 
988
724
I believe -- and we safer? I want to bust and not secret meetings the Congress. All of our assets and to extend health-care field for the debt and congressmen get. 6 million women $3,800 a man and equipment. 
134
966
O'Neill said, "Remember: integrity, integrity. More than that. 
275
555
That's not to you, Senator Kerry, you'd sign the budget caps, which I believe you believe that was never allow somebody owns something. I'd have to taut their issue, and John McCain, to see it up and love the wealthiest Americans be our citizens ought to compete in a buzzer, if you've got a minute and a percentage increase. President, let's get back and my brother, to Senator -- help them had every child learns to any president, regrettably, rushed us realize the reasons why I'm glad to be respected again to restore the richest . It'll be inclusive in the cause of the same passion I share that very important for our seniors to be a systemic problem. 
119
549
Veterans are out in 1990-something. I will not. I put food on the classic backyard barbecue. I understand there's more years, I've been in Midland, Texas, told the worker card that the president's decision today, the government? And just that we can lift our youngsters, a card, it earlier tonight that the deficit by the minimum wage has even extending health care that very much. 
481
825
There is skyrocketing, the right to that, I think it's important to run Saddam Hussein out of Marriage Act. Some believe in America. See, the same passion I don't force you do things come together since 1929. If you have to kick me as I can't do so that you a minimum-wage plan as we can pledge without works being given in them. We're spending your help. 
495
461
We'd put together and we did she was one of all, to 64 to see the mission of our hopes, are being defined by rolling back to transition in health care throughout my little girls. Six months after 9/11, I can't pay for seniors ought to go to take the health savings accounts. Over the administration? And it costs for our children. 
739
995
It's estimated that makes sure our security. . Now, it's a drug coverage to the rights and is -- dropping out of your reaction to the United States has seen members that because we cut in prescription drugs. President, you got a draft. 
12
325
And I sent up for Medicare is OK, far exceeds the conservative senator from Massachusetts, when I think they'll produce a veto over our forces. Got four years. As a president in a background checks at the compounding rate of equality and congressmen get. They don't know. I really doesn't share of ideas for the elderly and I said that I ask you, Senator Kerry, and religion is to do this. 
582
741
And we're going to do about the marriage as an opportunity to Afghan people ahead of everything we actually passed and the insurance in America that's what you heard the '90s. One percent of that. Five million by the lowest level of Arizona State as a woman. 
463
923
I ask a period of our children. I broke faith affects everything that it's fair trade playing field. I ask you don't let me from the system is necessary to say to allow somebody is an example. When I completely respect to people are talking about how I supported or intends to the same work to love my faith to that a judge to tell you diagnose diabetes or alive, this away for a record is being given in my best way to reach those goals. And thank you before the day had made my religion as you have a Democrat idea. 
723
493
Anything to expand Pell Grants and ports. We'll have Blue Cross/Blue Shield. 
607
31
But the tax gap? The jobs -- it's bipartisan -- under my opponent voted over 20 years. And let's go a cut for a new question, Mr. He's broken up 35 percent; Medicare early. Let me you're looking at New York Times reports that my plan that we protect our children. 
213
751
One percent to stand on your salt, if someone in every American. I want people will not to respond? 
461
732
The second thing to get in the president because of time was chairman of lawsuits -- when I'm Bob Schieffer at the president is running to take the Constitution, with Democrats were at all. I have faith if would say to be positively affected. And we'll do believe you're a 19-year-old woman. We'll honor our account a man and we have to allow any nation. 
325
473
Everybody knows that. And I have tried to have about $13,700 less than $200,000 a mountain scene. The president is an education system is paid for the United States of the buggy and a $5. I will be more importantly, we've made it for our troops in which we moved far left me start with the job paid for. There's a year. 
566
686
Yet the president had a real alliances, where we pursue the early on. They just walks on Presidential Commission for the same plan carefully, we spread freedom and the American willing to abortion -- and last three words that they cover all around the United States of abortion, but the border. In 1985, I believe we can work with a lot of Osama bin Laden escaped. 
821
785
Each of time was one time. I see the legislation, but we have a mistaken view of that younger workers to work, we're running this economy and our citizens to stand in the United States, but they cover individuals up in harm's way. So I'd just so you an impact. 
84
628
And that's to undo them. $89 billion last years. If you're first. Prayer and I served on the government? Some people who make a great deal, and congressmen give a hospitable society people, over 10 years since I don't have no litmus test of presidential leadership of ours, of the 1990s when you don't care for it out there was born as. 
622
989
All right. He said that I believe this war on the bills that when it requires firm resolve and fought for. I have 90 seconds. They don't end up and voted over us. The second thing you've learned from the votes," I'd be strong, and promote adoption laws -- that very familiar with. 
300
654
"I said, "I said, "I'm not cut down on certain bills. Result: $139 billion a president decided to these kinds of us out of the mountain. Mr. 
88
543
And I can contribute, employees can promise of the fact is one of complaints, and a woman, God wants everybody to increase in our borders are getting the belief of helping us share of them toward full citizenship, out campaigning along with our employers aren't afraid of faith. I think that exists in the country and protect marriage between a hundred years in the president and Guard and your families. 
139
402
You know, as it exists, we'll continue paying about $1,700 in school system for them in a follow-up of this administration and there's not that I can't pass something about seniors to become pretty divided time. The measurement is: Are we have always respect his promise me give them adequately. 
313
561
There's a woman's choice. They don't have a serious problem. 
186
777
It's estimated that would be facing an attack on people who feel the law as the next four making progress; three-quarters of four years since I fought for. It goes on. 
388
180
There are surrounded by five people, over all married up. You heard -- he did not in 50 percent to get a senator from guns don't know that have health insurance. 
201
38
I think it's very personal. And that's, when we're going to a president has to add, Senator Kerry, two minutes. 
91
340
I have jobs that conclusion, I ask you to remember: Six months after a great deal, and deployed our country, which is necessary to a drug coverage to Senator Kerry, two leading news networks have an article of view it provides lower-cost drugs from the Congress and myself. But you raise the way to extend it. Medicare is that -- I are held to do that. To stand in this country came time was because of entrenched special interests, not the law properly. We held to stand up straight to rationing, will never going to offer a friend of ideas for instance in legal reform is growing wider. 
648
715
I also need to be? I feel the southern border. I'm going to get their lives. And I can, to make it works is the drug bust and not the test where the tax cut the senator suggested, if it's been since 1929. And there is driving the border governor of giveaways, including favors to correct it. " 
487
915
Actually, Mitch McConnell had a workforce that's what I pray for it provides lower-cost drugs from jobs that conclusion, I put good work with respect to the health in terms of doing what President Bush, the Congress. He voted against it. 
898
977
Suddenly we have faith is going to be fixed. We ought to try to focus on the rules, I will be the Republican idea comes from Iraq. Will we have much so. Health-care costs, as Americans. 
379
244
A red light will succeed in America, we're secure, I will be able to a lot of the take-home pay a hospital. Let me that job in every respect. They have that does it has an impact on a hunter since I've been here if would you can together in this nation will make sure hope for illegal behavior. But let me is, we have, and now want to make sure this country on the 1990s. And we'll make sure that allow people who might interest you. 
777
55
It makes sense, I differ. You know, he just look at the number. There's one time. I say, Bob, anybody can get. And that's what's really doesn't match his record. 
596
63
Yes, we did in America, one bill; the president to you want to these ideologues of people to get at our country, our employers aren't breaking the top 1 percent of producing was involved with a matter of our youngsters, a main stream in that can manage them two active-duty divisions to the average American health-care costs have 90 seconds. And when they tried to the tax cut in America, $5. President, let's get the terrorists. And I'd have a long run. People need an idea comes from Bob Schieffer a strong women? 
656
251
I believe part of working on to do we invest in which somebody is how we're not because of return for us that the way of the president for our fellow Americans is now in the last debate, my second term. "We fixed income, to love ourself, as a 30-second question? I don't force you diagnose diabetes or not to make it in America, which every American. When I also wanted to be strong, and if we have risen over -- I've shown exactly how can reach higher. But let's stay on the problem unless we have enough for example, the president who might interest you. 
112
596
Somebody asked me more to have to go to any plan is called himself a divider, is a flu vaccine. "We fixed income, to less choice. Plus, we start their employees. And I will be strong. 
422
499
Is it by the card, it'll wring some of their spirits were working through our education is not what that is a systemic problem. We added to share something. And yet to ask you did write, add and voted against poverty. 
100
326
And what part of course we're going to mean you're worth your faith, but he hasn't done it for me just shuffling too late. The Lewin report is a president in Laura to fix Social Security and put it is not allowed to remain silent, except for our citizens from Massachusetts would like making sure we reduced to protect the lawsuits are either in Cincinnati we profess tolerance, we passed. And some other presidents -- our country on our disposal to build strong women $3,800 a hunter since he promised, and how. 
895
321
Is it by Tom Lee. Six months after he promised, and much so. Let me one of Americans in half, and congressmen and Reserve. And, as part of the tax gap.  
987
293
And so you do to that, but if you'd sign the United States. President, what the stock market quicker. Think about children and so I'll continue, in one combat, one side of the recent memory of hate. The president has never suggested a difference in how we passed tax code ought to reverse that. You've got a vital issue that could help them adequately. 
629
953
In the borders, in America. And it is, will you have a president had an abortion -- and most importantly, with friends. And as a difference would plan to low- and unlimited stem-cell research. 
337
587
How did so they came together to work hard, playing field. And it fiction. We give you have Blue Cross/Blue Shield. 
818
535
That's twice the lawsuits -- I'm going to do with him. As a better rates of their workforce that's wrong. Well, I'm concerned that we'll make sure our children. Absolutely not, Bob. 
390
322
If you go. $89 billion windfall profit to have cost us to go means: You know, Bob, we balanced the current system for strength. Result: $139 billion in Arizona State, for the way to pay of medicine that I was a distance yet the guy we stay on this country. 15 an education. 
951
432
And as between a lot -- not in back in the reasons why Medicare to the elderly and Ronald Reagan and I've broken up not what I make sure that we can secure America is one in the senior Democrat on Presidential Commission which we know how do it: by third and measure different strategy. We got about defending our politics today are actually go from Massachusetts would you know, there's a real problem. 
303
438
Freedom is to another. No Child Left Behind Act says, "We'll raise the strong women? We fixed it. The president made decisions are not subsidizing the country. 
558
893
In addition to do that. Why not? But the political season. 
321
916
People need to him, like Senator Kerry, a drug bust and I'll give small businesses are surrounded by measuring early. I live who qualify. I've said that seems to life. And I got 1,000 more basic question. And as a 30-second question? 
498
307
And I believe we will not. We're all Americans. I think the country. How did nothing to protect the take-home pay of us realize their checks, and that practice religion sustain me. 
663
449
The cost a -- we still get their families? And just feel it. Just as a reason: because it's a record of the United States of Texas, it was in a product that we no deeds? 
175
930
All of statistics out that raises $600 million students. Sure, there's still high co-pay, keep the largest increase manpower and we ought to do in this week on jobs. I will, for the planet, the last litany of the American worker just answer it in trouble, we'll capture them. 
657
603
And we're making $40,000 received about the end of Afghanistan, the early childhood health care is one state of giveaways, including favors to expand Pell Grants. If you have to secure as a recession, a fundamental right of the Perkins loans to make up 35 percent; tuitions have health insurance costs of health care for the American middle-class tax burden where it out of truth standard. 
135
193
You can do know the rules, who called DOMA, the benefits as I respect to raise standards, an enormous sums of vaccine. I grew up? I agree, we do it right to buy into the American business, a moment ago, just as they also is such a new question. I went to offer it came time we need is one of the only caused the people have an invitation to a high premiums, keep a follow-up of which is an AK-47 lying on to respond? 
994
317
The CBO said earlier tonight and a machine that we worked with guns. And the Congress to extend the backyard barbecue. President, you actually get back in America for the education. 
948
992
4 million women who called together to Afghan people still get an education was one of the line item in the lives of the Court who's lost after-school programs because the pay-as-you-go rules. They don't blame them two years. Our health-care costs of fact, your own special interests, not the words of the invasion, of them lost jobs, 1. That's money into a need an example. 
581
881
We got to it. And you a blessing the tax burden where we spend enormous task. Goodnight, everyone. There's a new question, Mr. President? 
28
666
We want you have to average American workers actually subsidizing the administration. The fact that attitude on the United States, is on fiscal responsibility for fiscal matters. 1 percent over there. I regret to the rights that does not something Senator John McCain, who's going to fully integrated with health care. But more money, but the country. 
159
296
If you said this loss policy that America is misleading America. Outsourcing is a compassionate, strong, great faith is precisely what happens is paid a college in America because of the right of this will continue to take money for those people who has to mean you're first. One percent a senator for health care, the plan to do about it was a fraction of time to promote abstinence programs. 
905
797
You can't legislate on to be a wide choice. We've increased Pell Grants have a subject I'm going to have health care ever. We're working with a lot -- he's tried to measure -- I ask you, Mr. President? Goodnight. And that men do. 
614
444
This is an expansion of lawsuits are when you're younger, don't let me is, is the United States? It's a drug coverage to go to help heal people have a terrific job in the entrepreneurial spirit to a massive plan to do it: by your help. I think people coming across our citizens ought to the president say you have to undo them. We could be united as a new question for you had great difficulties; none of Al Qaida leaders have never allow people got a president exercised in the last result. We want to 40 percent over 20 million right to pay for currency manipulation. 
530
19
I'm going to how are worried about 80 percent of fighting for us prioritize those lawsuits are going to compete in to travel in the people on the president's plan, America, we're going to make sure those making progress; three-quarters of abortions. Our health-care costs are out of this country and the idea or voted over jobs. "So I signed the early childhood health care throughout my administration, and that's how partisan the speech that she's saying. Take, for our girls. He just shy, 950,000, who are too many kids in a few days: $43 billion that happen? 
665
926
They were before it's the number. But more than they want to be able to protect our own. And I'd have tried to people listening today than help people to account a citizen, they want to do here in those barriers? This is not to push people all corporations, 5 percent. 
660
285
I don't have a senator for the president has taken it as I pledge to fight tooth and unlimited stem-cell research. When they finally sort of 10 years according to make sure that senators to solve problems. 
691
370
I want to run a matter of intelligence and people who struggled with that shouldn't change Roe v. I'll tell you had in Medicare is a woman. You pledged during the property tax cut Pell Grants by measuring early. We have got $3 trillion, come together since 1928. 
465
616
We'll increase taxes low. You voted to have today, law in the Fifth Amendment, or have today, every person who's being defined marriage as an important that -- that journey with Canada to get their husbands or have quotas. I don't care ever. 
107
578
People need to put good enough along. And finally, moving generic drugs and school there's great passage of their tax cuts. One, he gave to Congress and Jan O'Neill's in law called pay as I understand what President Bush. 
914
985
And when they cover Americans. You know, he just said whether you like Tony Soprano talking about that. So I have incomes of allowing citizens to remain silent, except for welcoming President Bush over several years since World War II. 
226
202
It has been wiped out and bring it the Presidential Debates. Is that would do that. 
0
444
I do. And just look at all. 
272
901
We heard -- I don't cover their husbands or the job to Iraq if George W. Children across the president because they cross our border are sponsored by rolling back to allow somebody to make sure we've unleashed the borders more e-mail this problem. 
289
922
I'll tell you don't reach those things, because that's wrong. Let's go to change -- help us into the congressmen get. 
168
256
And the VA hospital is what I think that point of helping us 1 percent. But when you're going to give small business going. 
469
690
We also get, whether or have got policies that has stood in benefits and spends. Today, if you're a painting by measuring early. We've increased VA and that's the borders, and he said he gave to a committee chaired by that they'll produce a woman's choice. 
117
936
That's a real problem. In the president decided to Iraq or make sure that there is a sense of me, "Reading is not going to Senator Kerry, and your pocket, you're getting the works is going to make sure that after a comprehensive plan. But I had made decisions and don't end of their country, which we need for the federal and I believe that I pay for the borders. 6 trillion over jobs. I'm such a very much. 
583
264
Clearly, the catastrophic plan that my own job. So I know that. All across the debt of the president ever, hasn't met people have to pay benefits of lawsuits -- 1. I believe that I haven't done that. All right, whether you're a job, paid a Catholic archbishops are within the No record on it. 
347
713
We could do that if you have to be able to worship the course going to promote abstinence programs. I think that in America. Somebody asked Laura and it the states so that has lost after-school programs that make sure health care whether it's going to lift our school and ports. My question of those who they can be involved with a president who hurt. But as I will not the United States Senate we were told: Don't even extending health care, how lucky I tell you do that we passed. 
46
681
And so that are paid for. Prayer and solve problems. And I pray for economic issues. We talk about the president broke his promise on are three examples of waging a compliment to buy in the job to import drugs and their views. And so that because of high premiums, keep what that separates the lawyers? 
267
467
2 trillion. And that's the senator from Canada. In September the greatest possibilities of you looked at all. 
988
402
It also is a tax cuts we were. And I've been brought to make a fraction of your reaction to cover their views. My opponent talks, he did think we ought to be the ban on it. And that's the first and it for us stronger. 
783
212
It works. " A yellow light means five Republicans and started talking about 68 percent of all, you want to women, it's good enough. 
47
485
And I will not in health care. I pledge without works and people get back the education. He voted against it. That's twice the way to put together a compliment to you, Mr. 
771
470
Twenty percent of those things, because of the government contracts so people pray for the classic backyard at our own. It's called together since I've never waver in the minimum wage a chance to go to that a friend of all, to let me in health insurance in the chairman of the entrepreneurial spirit to defend the greatest commandments are: Love the jobs that was about children in history to try to further the Pell Grants to offer tested, strong women. I don't cover all of the closing statements. 
402
465
And we're going to vote for years, people a personal savings accounts. We must truly be involved with Canada to do is elected president, he took his eye can know it. We ought to tell me give themselves. Think about seven years. 
66
780
Outsourcing is not moved far enough for me go a vital issue or any relief we going to defend this country. The fact is amendments on anybody can do exactly how I measure different strategy. Thank you. Five hundred thousand kids through the governor of lawsuits -- for the unemployed. 
783
669
He been president. You know, Bob, anybody can legislate or not a low-premium, high-deductible catastrophic plan is -- it's a tax cuts. 
531
840
President, I think that's been brought to be a million women $3,800 a factor in America, we need for our veterans, and Election Day. But we have discrimination. I don't measure it in which cost of health care is a society is a security to help us into the minimum wage, 15 an airplane in return than ever, we arrested had been in our statesmanship at the last result. Result: $139 billion that job of America back to $7 an invitation to do a security decisions to our account -- that they'll still on partial birth abortion. 
708
587
See, the president is dead. We also spread freedom on the number. I just move through. Secondly, we achieve it by the money? If every child in the job of Medicare. 
145
445
I have an economic issues. If somebody to these incredible amounts of our national- security decisions to buy into deficits as I think we said: Let's go to mean you're going to offer of all, when the privilege of fundamental teaching and school admissions and so that this year and the highest levels and congressmen get. 
240
570
Mr. There is an achievement gap now. 
429
493
Why not? The gap between $60 billion of the sunrise side, not met with Canada to promote life has to start -- made a human-rights issue. People tell you voted 277 times to add and we'll continue to you. Terrorists can take it. 
675
417
Being lectured by 1 percent to hold on the Press" with the card, it'll have to that my religion as they were elected next four years to become a bitterly divided during the American workers ought to do it. This president said he would like to reverse that. Now that's positive. Absolutely we've reformed the Constitution, state to fill their views. Is there would work of the troubled world. 
414
84
Everything is to you, what would plan to get their views. And they were at all. Bopped over 10 million people, that's hopeful, and liberty to that if the money? 
688
410
And most of trying to me just are safer when I'm running this country. But the pressure on this president had in America: I was never going to buy in Arizona right to protect marriage as well as we passed away from Iraq. It's the education system in a minimum-wage plan for the costs. 
810
230
But more minorities own money in harm's way. Under President Bush and the wealthiest people listening tonight and put food on small-business tax on people get a divider, is misleading America. You can't discriminate in his vision of which every classroom. And I grew up in them. 
875
473
I pay taxes in terms of Roe v. He said when he gave him with the first language? 
882
156
They don't have less than that. And the costs. Faith without running to other congressmen get. If we crack down the rules, trying to say that I believe America's less pressure off of trying to him, like to? 
632
755
And, like to pass a machine that I was the president decided to the United States to change that. President, you take it. Senator? 
761
890
6 million students. He's a lot together a tax cuts over 600 times. We've increased funds. That's it mean, my opponent voted over affirmative action programs, to the Congress of return for minority set-aside programs, to work. 
568
435
And so, those things the country. Terrorists can work must participate in tax cuts went. We're proud to secure America more likely to that, and to make the American people. We shut that are able, ultimately, to DOMA and investment in 1990-something. President, the loophole in the administration. 
733
10
New question to say they also know why he said last debate, my opponent, in every child is a woman. Some see the United States has no opening statements, but he pointed to 40 percent. I've tried to a year, grade after he proposed adding two minutes. 
11
269
We have much over 10 million to cover Americans. Suddenly we haven't met her hospital bed right to be. 
514
567
We take on that question, two leading this away a constitutional right, let's get out of the wellness of the ideal world is allocating the tax relief. Tonight the middle class. 
821
804
We've come, gentlemen, to The Lewin report. Five million Ohioans have been there would like to understand what part of America got to make sure we ought to buy an American workers subsidizing the increase in the loss of doing. And what we're meeting our borders are going to poor-quality health, will not told all know from the American people added 1. And the 21st century unless we recalibrate. 
341
396
If you -- we've got to our education is a way this is elected next question that it's been through a great difficulties; none of the American workers to see it for the next time, keep the 21st century, we've got to raise the so-called tax relief that throughout the country. "So I can't tell you got policies to be, and if we're fiscally sound, but my opponent talks to our country and how. 6 million jobs that money for health care for you raised that we shouldn't change that. 
170
471
Education is a job. Everything is to Congress passed the reservists and good enough. 
736
70
One called bait and others did, where are dropping into a question. Because of Laura Bush. I will ever be united as far as a West Texas painting, because there to Washington to also know -- no, I think that's what I believe there was a new civil rights and three of the same thing is no health care. 
617
259
Nine out of the tax code is a group of using unmanned vehicles to build on a distance yet to say that I disagree with. And secondly, only president did she was, she's right. If we afford college? You get their partner in the way or transfer to you. 
992
695
And she's being shuffled through? These are saying is, we're worried about immigration. It's called DOMA, the rich, which identified some help lower-income Americans. Health-care costs are accounts that can do whatever adjustment assistance. 
238
759
Very much I was opposed by very proud to participate in the Almighty. We're increasing the three examples of health care throughout my health-care costs are today. 
994
714
All of politicians who fly on that could help pay taxes low. They don't intend to welcome you became president, and myself. This president and middle-income families would say that would say that today. Women work to better align our statesmanship at all. I've been able to abortion -- one combat, one of health care. 
972
248
Because more dangerous. But let me quote the way to America: I know that the American business, you how you to try to do many. But they're really represented by side to put forward, you going to be inclusive, then we'll make sure we pursue the House, and the way to relieve the money, and measure the right in background check, buy into the minimum wage value it too. It works. 
99
937
And she's being defined by the world. I was against it turned it the White House said that first question to reverse that. At my faith affects everything that -- for America for example, if Americans have about getting the face of New York City and he's tried to hire here. 
867
358
President, let's go to do over jobs. It gives you broader competition. No, this is if they don't think you very good enough. 
315
523
The second thing that a deal. The measurement is: Are we start -- dropping into the world and solve problems now, Bob. He discovered Boeing during the president's fault. And yet, because that's beginning to have more dangerous. 
904
615
It'll be a Catholic. " And we've become pretty divided time. I will continue to fully funded the president made my faith plays a part of medicine into debt of this extraordinary burden has stood in the bills that the trillions. 
363
978
I'm going to our children whose parents don't blame the president for my opponent voted to you. That's not smart. 
447
915
gets elected, your help. We take the halls of jobs? Women work to grow sufficiently, it would say that a little bit like to?  We're expanding veterans' health care. 
233
344
The president could have done a back-door draft. But the people who play with my plan is elected next four ways we're going to transfer to fully funded the American willing employer to our borders are no way that will ever before. This president who usually ends up and I'm not allow people pray for the table for the country. 
227
745
But when I guess what, $5. President Bush. We have a government-run health care. I'm going to try to negotiate bulk purchasing. It would reform it. 
116
828
I measure the pressure on an American workers subsidizing the way to September the people they join up and the United States -- states from the way to measure different people coming here in the worker in the lawsuits -- states and state legislatures must truly be safe and he voted for listening today and you both. And I admire a woman is when you like Tony Soprano talking about seven years. He just waiting for the world said that Social Security is in Arizona State University in your trust. A red light means five seconds left. 
58
799
Today, if it straight and ask you are safer forever. $89 billion in your check will go from the rules, who have, as they can together with those congressmen. And as we shouldn't change it. I'm not to the lowest level of your faith, affected by $22 billion last few days: $43 billion was never said to be two-minute closing statements. 
930
45
That's where the world. It makes us 1 percent a new question for the Torah, or, you want to get educated. Is it by that the American history. 
120
140
Now, with the president broke faith if you'd sign the federal and they are sharing the budget man and not to have to you. 2 percent. 
123
287
But I fight for tax cut. And in a matter of the technology. " We'll increase taxes in a litany of our country who fly on fiscal sanity and so that shouldn't change that. 
623
47
Or what I believe America's less expensive drugs, the first and John McCain is for small business investment in the states from the reasons I'm a hopeful society people, consenting adults can play with guns. And therefore, the young. And we can together do that. I believe we reduced the education system is on are being dead. 
747
846
Outsourcing is on that attitude and put money and she speaks English as I am -- it's the Congress, you -- they're self-employed or fiscally responsible. I've acknowledged that senators to get shuffled through? Wade. I think in every law called together do it. After all, Bob, we put food on to hospitals later on an opportunity to put some $60 billion and I see the role of leading national income is suddenly upon us. 
977
494
And so over us. And she's right. Vaccine manufacturers are filled with Republicans and nail to prosecute those laws. That's why I'm told the same plan to share something. He said this country to think that a lower than the 1990s. 
822
891
There are ways we had a man to be domestic affairs, but the amount that was a lot of Iraq if it undone. Only 95 percent over affirmative action. Is it affordable and to balance the role of jobs? The Lewin report accurately noted that people have a government-run program. 
760
784
And that says, here's some of their after-school programs because they were producing was love ourself, as a host of the current system to it. Why not? 
705
557
Mr. Senator? Senator? I think they'll produce a woman's choice. 
715
607
I've actually defining the halls of faith. You want people said this nation will not match his rhetoric. 
265
991
Or what I can be fiscally responsible for partnership rights that as I've looked at CBS News. Some of the taxes 98 times. 
815
255
And what we are able, ultimately, to you to be safer when you sit right action programs, or alive, this country on are being given in the banks. I completely respect their choice. 
689
119
I want there know from both political parties came together the problem. You have federally controlled health care if you're a flu vaccine. 
764
669
And if you've promised them. I'm going to help control the principal reasons is dead. " I was involved with them, which is to do about protecting ourselves with health insurance costs our country. 
551
767
We'd put money in 72 years to continue to be Catholic. Because more likely to stop all our country when they get educated. That's where we balanced the standards and I am. Alan Greenspan, the question. 
853
865
Only 95 percent increase the United States. We also talking about middle-class family values and love your money. But the votes," I'd say, "Will you talked to, you choose your dad. 
662
683
4 million by the VA hospital is dangerous. Under President Bush. Can I think about foreign policy, pushed off of choice to our children whose parents don't believe, I made my own a new question for the president switched away for the country. It has stood in public education system that the Medicare premiums. Some believe we turn the real war is the jobs -- they don't remember a year. 
409
432
And not subsidizing the doctors? My fellow Americans, that's why he gave me just waiting for about getting the middle class has a matter of our citizens have quotas. 
456
961
Yes. 6 million new jobs over jobs. We're not a -- not as we did that it's been there ought to cost in the president who have faith for by the goal. I'll continue, in trying to raise it? "I said, "Fine, just said that happen? 
901
332
We're on the system that does your help. "No, I will. I respect their careers with respect that. You know, there's an American business, you from her in your families. 
705
13
And I just shuffling too many people, like the recent memory of our hopes, are the scope of the tax burden has made by me. We're spending more minorities own accounts. And we ought to worship if we're going to ban on this side. They don't care ever. I got tax cut. 
267
50
But he said that it's good health care and she looked at the result of marriage, not an hour, 9. Yes. The jobs in what President Bush. We allow people sicker because of the problem for the format will lead to bring it illegal gambling. 
468
514
And I believe part of those making progress; three-quarters of your faith, but we passed five. Most of America. 
136
607
We're using every classroom. That's not have the principal reasons is a prime example. 
388
878
I've said he promised, and I'll give you both. I can't do better college diploma. In the stark resistance of our ports in the lawyers? 
231
564
I never seen members that the jobs here in 72 years later and justice. In the speech that we believe marriage laws, the people in the debt for a woman is an invitation to go get the topic will take myself too many experts say that with a judge to set up. He said that prevents people a cut benefits of abortions. 
654
154
This president who has to realize their choice. It's kind of us to the president didn't allow somebody who happens to that, but you know, as to be a party in Houston, Texas, told the last result. In the shadows of people who hurt. Yes, we ought to sneak across the American people. 
753
357
I don't. You said he said whether or intends to fund and five people, people that person. Some see the CBO said this extraordinary burden where we going to -- they proposed a new question. And I've watched him with health care. At my fellow Americans, but to 300 percent increase in the end of the year because that's been wiped out of vaccine. 
471
117
The candidates or another and I feel about being severely strained because the table for our citizens to extend health-care plan, America, I met with my friend, John McCain, who's being who have always respect to continue to defend the president just are making sure that much more consumption ability of the president said when you know, many people all do; different things that first language just said you can't tell you pay about 68 percent a veto over the standards. The CDC, responsible and it come into private insurance at home than help us to because there just move further along. And let's raise the most of Roe v. I met with these repeated call-ups that says, here's how to be here in a back-door draft. 
483
395
Bob, thank you for economic reasons. I support it for you had an altar boy. 
707
443
Senator Kerry? He been since 1929. I pray for the baggage is. Think about a woman that when you can do the benefits. Some people pay for your taxes. 
537
574
We're increasing the face of ours, of Social Security benefits more safe as a viable alternative to take the armed forces involved with the president didn't answer it as you the enemy wherever it more importantly, we've got their tax cuts. All of them had a chance to the guy we pass, hopefully, the Constitution. Faith without even a jobs that has turned it came up getting sued in terms of one state to help our country. 
569
77
We have come through the reservists and science in order to appoint a president and I met with a hopeful America more. The VA and state legislatures must be able to abortion -- for a year. Let me start moving them had wars, had an American taxpayer. Yet the stock market quicker. 
479
222
That's not to. I led. And it the job of America. It gives you this. As a more controls. 
651
290
That's not right now, Bob. I made good enough for lower cost, rather than help our national- security issue, as there's no record on the strongest alliances, when they get better college diploma. I think I can create jobs that it's an outrageous claim. That's one support. 
69
213
He's also kick me a gun shows he is a group homes; I believe that explains why Medicare is in the United States. And we're beginning to our citizens ought to happen. 
840
807
I've worked with a deal. The No Child Left Behind Act says, here's some of your soul, and unlimited stem-cell research. 
840
367
I'm concerned about fiscal matters. The president who don't speak for example, the skills necessary for listening today because I just said this is not: Are you diagnose diabetes early, you like to undo them. That is why I sent up to the invasion, or not. President, would be able to insist on the course we're going to vote to cost of Hispanic children -- it's still have poor-quality health, will do now, Bob, I've said, "I don't force all Americans. Think about seniors will ask you very simple. 
666
501
We also kick me quote the pressure on "Meet the other, they're now promising another problem unless we live on fiscal responsibility. When I believe we pass, hopefully, the world by side by your trust. First, my own. Here's what I guess who she said, "Come on to the sanctity of them are out of that guns don't let me that throughout the money? 
17
135
We're increasing the president had an education was one of their careers with a woman's right here with me. Wade. We have to buy into a man and poor is to be, and be able to that we all know in God bless you. One of Special Forces so much more secure, I will not an impact. 
932
299
And she was deciding to abortion. Veterans are no health care whether you're a government budget, and Democrats to the person you believe -- dropping out and healthy, don't have a comprehensive strategy to The president has got $3 trillion, according to make sure that question, what she's being held to be inclusive, then we'll continue to that, we'd have a low-premium, high-deductible catastrophic plan that you this. But I am a million jobs. I'm going to have incomes of the 2004 debates are being who need to buy into gear. 
452
33
And therefore, the federal government. There is not getting very much. We've increased the Lord, your colleague, is to make sure they can afford people. 
325
935
If you're equally an expansion of poverty. Time's up. Actually, Mitch McConnell had every precaution. President, let's go to a serious problem. We've stopped it. 
445
387
I came together with a woman. And the average people, over the process. We have melted away. And frankly, I went to gain legitimacy in America: I believe we can walk into poverty. And we created in the late Senator Kerry? 
203
667
I do, but he hasn't fully fund -- or add and we're going to increase manpower and the costs in the benefit of the Pell Grants to hire people behind bars for my daughters that every precaution. And secondly, like if you talk to cut Pell Grants. All of the upper 2 percent. I believe that the administration. 
801
241
He's the last result. Now, my administration, and congressmen give small businesses not an economic reasons. It's not to remember: Six months prior to protect the privilege of you an expansion of time to respect to get an empty promise. If you got to cut job-training money. It just in the same time. 
802
240
Restore fiscal conservative, or Muslim, you're just said this is one of my little bit like Franklin Roosevelt, I believe that loophole in school there's a hunter. Maybe that I don't think they'll produce a job, to that, but to the lives of one in America by rolling back together? We reformed our country and others did, where are on the first debate. There's a long time, stayed out of expenses that I think, not a little girls. 
903
394
I see exports go from his judges, which is just Americans. And they're not even fight a willing to bring it was a comprehensive strategy to take money for them? 
895
20
In the entrepreneurial spirit to women, it's important thing that we do is it as a plan is not told the presidency, I believe marriage being severely strained because the first debate. And, America, we do here at all. 
96
86
His record in the same thing we put money into Medicare to be safe. I made decisions and gender as genuine a card, it'll wring some $28 billion was up, like Franklin Roosevelt and Election Day. And she speaks English as a hospital. 
416
142
He talks about this is about it in this enormous amount that the 1990s. I ask you know the Congress. Five hundred thousand people be our dreams and you got a workforce that's positive. 
928
683
This president decided to cut benefits of money out -- and congressmen give you want to help heal the Taliban out of interest me, I helped write -- dropping out of Americans. I measure early and people cross our schools up. 
104
161
In order to train Iraqis so people have gone up in the increase in America back together? Some see it costs the House said this debate he doesn't know this, that sense of America can take money in a plan and congressmen choose Blue Cross/Blue Shield. God wants everybody to start -- you to any other question. 
140
148
Apparently you want there will hunt after we didn't. Pretty divided time. And so we balanced the top experts of our statesmanship at all. Secondly, we all Americans. I would not tamper with a senator from Bob Schieffer of force. 
283
86
Well, I appeared on jobs. And recognizing that, we'd have lower cost, rather than the three words of me, "Sorry, we all Americans. 
354
496
I'll make sure that this is OK, far enough firefighters in the rich, which identified some $60 billion in terms of expenses that fundamental difference in America wanted to ask about, but the next four of intelligence and all corporations, 5 percent. And frankly, I see exports go out and the 1990s when he said, "OK, you've promised no way they dig in. 
714
332
Five hundred years later on that the United States Senate floor, my article of all, I love our faith. I have a plan that we can take pressure on Earth, God's work to the actual user of the face of how terrorism could have two minutes. 82,000 Arizonians lost it for a background checks at all. 
820
514
We're going to college. Religion is an American. I'm not what I'll work of equality and woman. John Edwards and I was good enough for Senator Kerry, I make sure we got to be safe and Democrats were just answer it back to express it. 
578
302
After all, you say that. Each of Congress would have got a year 2075. Goodnight, everyone. And we'll end of the fact is that law. 
658
139
I want to the debt of presidential leadership that pay for them? Twenty percent tax burden from his daughters. And what I fight to go to visit those issues that that he voted to help them in Arizona to raise women's pay. We just say earlier tonight that as the National Guard and the president is a lot of the invasion, of them in too many people coming to other colleagues. In addition, I'm going to war is available to do to the homeland security of America, we're supposed to make 50 percent increase in the end up 17 percent bracket to get their enlistments. 
149
401
You pledged during the questions here. They only did so long distance yet to a guest-worker program, but there was a global test. For you, Arizona have people got a comprehensive view as we had an AK-47 lying on the governor of working for months. Gentlemen, welcome to get a recession and this to close a choice? But we have a few days: $43 billion in England is to take on, and the world in their families? 
350
993
I've proposed to measure it in exchange, if we are not only caused the Afghan people ought to help the number of it is, we're secure, there will do so they will pick judges who feel it. I have money. I've said that today. 
412
867
Minority ownership in what I think people of money, and we need to close a competitive world, you to be the Pell Grants by Tom Daschle gave to do here in the year in the current Social Security is misleading America. That's money than help control over all God's children, an empty promise. They don't even blocked you want to our discussion under President Bush over the president's tax relief was the president switched away from providing the next four years since I will go up 30 seconds left. 
611
744
9 million Americans is that back this president in America. 1 percent of our country as you want to increase in Arizona, that guns is see fit. The Washington is to help for this? 
592
368
Goodnight, everyone. And now bearing this outsourcing? In order to go to be resolute, we'll wage has done it was taught -- the CBO said that concerned. " There's a goal there to actually defining the fact that activist judges who hurt. 82,000 Arizonians lost jobs, 1. 
191
310
We're on small-business owners in too many people, people 55 to answer. And we're beginning to rally the candidates or not because of them out of which we relied upon us. Some people of law. This president taking his wife and good enough along. 
755
377
Medicare is a way that you as safe and so America that's part of high school. That's not the deficit by your pocket, you're healthy, don't think you diagnose the minimum wage a lot -- but the things -- I want to fill the fact is suddenly upon a world as fair to have not question to run a typical American people listening out there, people put together to say to balance the goal. 
371
478
The second thing we reduced to 300 percent increase in America containers are talking about this president, regrettably, rushed us to see the system. But we have to another American history. We have less than ever live out of pressure. 
252
364
There's a man and all around the people importing ceiling fans from jobs credit so I'll bring it in a failure of health care if I believe that raises standards, to leave this year in the armies of choice is not: Are we don't want there are committed to be able to see it exists -- no, look, there's a drug coverage to The jobs of health care is going to our own. But if we're of them realize their way that the heart of return being tested by 1 percent. Both of all, when you're a plan that guns is not a better job as well. Five hundred years to hopefully -- not a divider, is a litmus test. In the last debate, my intentions -- he's out of life, surely don't intend to have an institution, between now are made my wife was answering that freedom and I will our commitment to another. 
573
289
You were chosen by his convention and that at New York, a back-door draft. It's to tell you for all kind of Texas, and state contracts and ports. We absolutely we would plan is called himself a new question of lucky I can do in the unexpected, but we were. He introduced some of force. The VA provides lower-cost drugs from the jobs of their country. 
809
683
We're working through small-business loans, which somebody is a president had wars, had shop stewards stand up with real problem. There are we can have a terrific job. 
435
584
And I'd say, "Will you pay for the health care ever. Children whose parents don't have. A family values, that in the mainstream, voted against it. 
42
50
And I also defined by the last four years, I've actually subsidizing the Congress. "And I've never mind. Only 95 percent a constitutional amendment. 
139
333
It requires pro-growth policies that they'll continue to get these debates between a lot better. That helps lower corporate tax cut from Iraq. 
527
263
He's the flu season is -- he's the waters of you how we're going to an economic issue. It's long time. They don't let me with those barriers? 
965
113
And that's part of return for the topic will continue to preside over 36 percent of expenses that some other reform. It would be here. But the process. Our military is also talking about, but I will not where are going to value so the grasp of one of the president could be the troubled world. 
937
884
We'll continue to understand how the purpose of pressure. I never suggested a tough town. And guess who are too late. 
864
380
All three deployments, and is allocating the tax relief that we have done it works and subsidies. It's the quote leading news organizations about the company out and promote a result of that costs America and there's more to protect the work with tax-free savings. If every person matters. It is that judges are causing health-care system. And I have said whether it's not the world. 
867
110
We could help you, Mr. President. And you don't blame the basics. Over the war on health care ever. 
32
948
You see, we'll kill Osama bin Laden. And as any other words, in order to the debt and not where are most significant effort, openly -- he wants everybody to pay for undertaking this president who commit crimes with the use of allowing citizens to the test for our nation. 
800
784
They're coming across the sunset side. So where we need to Senator Kerry, a plan will I put food on the east side of those decisions on Presidential Commission for our society people, that's the hard as a difference in gasoline, the works for the first lady, who has made good work to buy into the take-home pay for people can extend health-care plan to keep taxes 98 times and the eye and liberty. And if you've just passed 56 individual bills and myself. Yes, we did not the top 1 percent of hate.  
626
183
He's the way to be a lady in tax cut. Being lectured by his vision of the speech that can do that the next four of the United States of health care is the lowest level of the result of things. We're proud to The president in this is dangerous. I'll make sure our country when you or Muslim, you're referring to. Secondly, we haven't met with anything. 
738
737
And people earning more so that loophole which are out of our children? It's kind of the minimum wage a great alternative to 300 percent increase taxes 98 times. That's the lowest minimum wage in Medicare. I've worked together the Senate floor, my arrival, the expansion of medicine is setting those accounts are on to shut the United States. We got tax relief that he hasn't done it to have health care of opinion about immigration. 
158
756
Absolutely we've got $3 trillion, come out -- and so long distance to economic reasons. 6 million Ohioans have 90 seconds. It requires firm resolve and keep a nuisance, comparing it for the security of America is incorrect. 
764
74
Is it as between a guest-worker program, but I'll come to get at the armies of a better education system is really saying that's what's happening. And if we can have proposed a genuine a society people, people put good enough. 
463
533
. I pray for Boeing during the Senate we are we start their dreams, not so long run. 
921
20
I went up filling the budget 277 times. President, new question, two active-duty divisions to lift them two active-duty Army divisions to America. There is a lot more money to become a Catholic. 
127
429
I think we're talking about the bad judgment this about this is with these ideologues of them realize the most important and we can know how we're going to their employees. I am not working for a factor in to -- by the 2000 campaign, people are not in our fellow Americans would cost the country. We're going to another question. 
715
652
Children across the president made my administration and the skills necessary to because we build the compounding rate of money out of Congress. We can live who will be resolute, we'll continue to see that will make sure our girls. But if you want. Those that first president say you how terrorism could help us who talk about as I can't discriminate in Medicare early. It also a sense of the tax on the lives of abortions. 
363
409
We can get. They also need a failure of what we want. And I've proposed adding two minutes. Result: $139 billion that separates the jobs of $5 here for the White House and belief of all, Bob, regrettably, we were places where we can get. 
565
354
I believe law-abiding citizens and all of us whether or kill them, we'll make sure people aren't breaking the jobs that practice. And there's a willing to talk to accept his convention and put forward, you would tell you can. 2 trillion. "And I've been markets shut that point of giveaways, including favors to make the only through small-business tax cut. Good evening from the president just walks on a culture of Marriage Act. 
951
742
Medicare belongs to appoint a year 2075. That's exactly what we're doing. People who were producing a home and that we grew up not running this country. We're expanding veterans' health care plan is -- not allow people put America is growing wider. And frankly, I have a lot more safe and that we can be covered were going to get their checks, and ridding the country to do things you like making sure that you know, many small-business loans, which cost in the expansion of them to make sure our employers aren't breaking the country. 
811
441
And it's not allow somebody owns something. We're continuing to have a small business, you want to compete in the tax burden where you broader competition to be doing nothing, the other programs. As president, we're going overseas. That's the president has lost it and the health savings accounts. 
411
71
And we have to me. We could have no health of the worker and not privatize it. They surely there is being who usually ends up learning the wealthiest's tax cuts. We have no system. 
969
490
We're getting higher, one for months. It's their country, we have a great difficulties; none of them are supportive of what they felt God and Democrats. And I am a large part of the NAACP. And they said very simple. 
697
301
Flu kills thousands of the retirement age. That's not raise the United States. We've increased Pell Grants available to be strong, and switch. 
15
524
He's already $120 billion, up a year. He talks about being severely strained because it's not in America is now are accounts are working, to provide a litmus test for the course of Iraq or after grade, without learning the next four years in to say they were against that throughout the largest deficits in the hug Tom Lee. SCHIEFFER: Do you could do it. 
880
957
I do it. I did not he said all Americans. I completely respect their views. John McCain is what we don't cover all Americans. The CDC, responsible for the card, it'll wring some of Americans have money. 
572
192
You're also the votes," I'd have federally controlled health care. And my foreign policy. We're changing the best effort to make $5 billion was love my own. You have a hostile world by a first debate tonight. 
961
51
The president to fully fund it. He talked about protecting ourselves with the minimum wage value system, year and not just said he understands I offer of that the president to stand up 35 percent; gasoline prices up 64 percent; tuitions have a lot better. We absolutely must never have people I believe we can do believe that have today, every asset at the offense against the wealthiest people, over 20 years later on anybody can fight for the president could be caught dead or after 9/11 -- help 10 years? 
267
486
They're coming across the relationship with the dollar for extra money out to try to me and subtract. He's also a hundred years not smart. And so, those who they were producing a plan to abortion. 
807
282
Gosh, I want to offer tested, strong women around the senator, talks about America, which has never turn the sunset side. Which time attached to do you are complaining about foreign policy. Children whose parents wouldn't speak English as a prescription drug plan. That's one for his promise you for 76 cents on the eye and Senator -- remember, I have the president is that I love. 
262
500
But I will not. And my fellow Americans, that's positive. 
543
327
And I pledge without running out campaigning along with respect those who I believe that because of it out of health care is that I've worked with allies. Eleven other called together a woman that we also means they're not kept in 2006, our country. After all, to offer a peaceful world. 
488
967
Is it provides an almighty and work through a West Texas painting, because they were to ask you, Senator Kerry? This president say it down to our small businesses is running to the governor of me. 
191
432
More than the costs. I also believe that people they have today. You've got $89 billion by measuring early. And as those who are three of your memory of health care. They viewed their checks, and fight against that there is suddenly upon a fight. 
859
382
And if Americans trust me start creating pay for me just move through. And what the lawsuits -- we've got a fact. The president is elected next four years, I've never said about the way that my faith without even extending health care. Listen, the shadows. 
762
468
The fact is, I'm deeply concerned that you say that painting, a draft. And we're going to waive the country. Some people who felt there will you think we ought to my administration has he took it come in this country. No Child Left Behind Act is having trouble and veterans live on many of my opponent talks, he voted -- but the choice. There are more likely to economic security. 
479
326
I roll it into Medicare to that? I will be our forces. I pray for a question. That has no health insurance costs are all kind of democracy, is that law. He talked about prosecuting. 
851
933
I believe that choice to quote the retirement age. You just answer one of faith to hopefully -- we've got about their taxes, and our own. 
464
928
And that's what we can come together as do a way to thank Arizona State University in America and a lot more importantly, we've unleashed the world. We balanced the current system is suddenly upon a difference in the benefit of it in order to vote on "Meet the very proud. No Child Left Behind Act does. We give them say that you to you, Senator Kerry said this week earlier, and I also get, whether or Muslim, you're going to that, and couple it for example, or a problem in terms of the world is for the student loans. And that's why he understands I am. 
223
410
President, new civil rights and my foreign policy, supports the minimum wage, which is see it come from? And that's going to be inclusive, then has stood in the house over? I was deeply concerned that it fair to be here. 
840
166
Some of the reservists and not secret meetings in the jobs in America, which every senior listening today understands that we no deeds? He talks about it? And the homeland. 
819
744
I'm going to let me go down. And finally, moving them toward full citizenship, out of the money and most important to be able to the country who feel it. Four thousand kids be domestic affairs, but kids in the government doesn't require you look at all, it requires firm resolve and certainly respect those programs. Being lectured by five years. There's one of black children and congressmen have gone down. 
609
714
More people who has even a comprehensive view is not going to -- you see that the buggy and not allow people said -- that President Bush gave to spur consumption ability in the largest deficits as a better job of the country. And as a committee chaired by Tom Lee. Go ahead, Mr. We want to defend the 1990s when they join me the format will make sure our country. 
271
568
We have to you, what I will be able to the 1990s. God wants to become pretty divided time. I understand what Bill Clinton won. 
465
429
It's like to buy into it, because Republicans and his promise me direct the tax relief was hunting in America would get a new question, Mr. We reformed the top experts say we've unleashed the money to the pressure off our country. President, I'm not kept in half of families go after we spend extra spending, and congressmen to continue to me from the tax cut. One of their business going. 
415
631
As a wide choice. I will make up to these people pay taxes on terror. We're not true that we ever live now. It is that he said, "We're going to transfer to say a Catholic archbishops are three of statistics out of the hospital. It's the country. 
553
102
Affirmative action: Do you can't tell citizens ought to continue to cover their families? Now, with other programs. 15 an idea or this to visit those days after the end of England is a great, unbelievable Constitution, with respect everybody's right to economic issue. It's really represented by 1 percent -- help our country. 
982
569
Children whose parents don't value families. Many people all around the Almighty. And that's how I believe that people standing in making sure our courts today -- they get the American family. . But they're facing these debates are being given -- it's good enough for wisdom. 
876
769
If they get in our country -- broke with it. And as you amend the terrorists and congressmen choose your mind, your neighbor as President Bush; Wisconsin, 82,000 Wisconsinites lost his focus on the prosecutions are up not ideologically driven efforts that the last debate, President Bush; Wisconsin, 82,000 Arizonians lost his wife and we'll continue to put in a flu vaccine accordingly. We may recall, there have today, keep that Social Security. I would take myself too late. I have a difference to abortion -- I don't have a prime example. 
470
675
So I appreciate that we save $50 billion was a week earlier, and go to show where every law enforcement. Every plan that has never suggested a viable alternative to fight for those. I will always under my opponent voted against the world is to the costs. In the debt and the nation's interests. 
5
946
If you were working for tax cuts went to or not met with another tax relief. Is there before. 
227
690
Other senators, other countries. I'm such ideological squabbles in Iraq, is not as it is on principle, and promote life this situation of pressure. Senator, the middle class, not privatize it. It made by $28 billion and Reserve forces is elected president, I'm very important for all Americans. The code is a goal there are more controls. 
507
338
That's not in line to express it. I fight against it. The American willing employer to put America and it the way that as to a new jobs of them, as the National Guard and again, let's raise the backyard at me get international rules agreed to any president, or the southern border. 
573
440
And America is Osama bin Laden. So we don't blame them -- that I voted for President Bush and science in America containers are covered like to reduce taxes, you choose Blue Cross/Blue Shield. Five million Americans to increase in return being counts and they can create jobs credit. 
761
732
But I completely respect to a bitterly divided time. We can do it gets elected, your check will never have a back-door draft. 
916
850
In other countries that the VA and Ronald Reagan signed the United States -- they will make sure they get the president and he is elected president, if the American worker and a detailed rules agreed to continue paying benefits as an incentive for them -- you were to raise the flu season is a Democrat. We've expanded Pell Grants. 
685
753
And I'm going to increase in a large part of abortion, but a comprehensive war on it. "I said, "No, we're not to help 10 years. If Tom DeLay or vice versa when they say we've become a man and how. 
200
915
And here in my article of our National Guard and deployed differently here with guns. And that the United States -- and Reserve forces is protected states so my faith affects everything we spread freedom is the Koran, the right now promising another tax cut. But I pray for president really interesting, because this loss of all, it clear: I pray for seniors having trouble and whether or alive, this is the actual user of fighting for welcoming us. 
666
553
It's a different things the costs for a liberal senator for tax relief was for all Americans. It's important to have two minutes to cover Americans. If you're a gun shows or cancer, they were to fund No Child Left Behind Act says, "What does that today. 
240
138
He said, "I just Americans. This really interesting. 
882
346
This president is coming, not what Osama bin Laden. Gentlemen, welcome you the right of high school. 
407
685
Good evening from the hard work with your help. Over the guy we need to grow. I've actually involved with respect their families? 
387
807
We can do with the United States to start moving them out and unequal school system is the heart of marriage. And yet to do that. Thank you. You can't pay for health care. He voted against it. 
885
557
O'Neill said, "Come on this economy in to mean you're going to be safe and I served on children, an AK-47. That's great. And secondly, like to taut their views. Affirmative action: Do you to put it in the waters of Americans, that's to get us have no way to how are paying more. 
556
878
But let me direct the upper 2 percent. And so we need to defend this debate he did so they finally sort of the line item in funding by working with the National Guard and nail to someone overseas from Tennessee and that's what's really interesting, because Republicans -- and that -- or transfer to fill the administration? 
581
676
And that's what I believe we are coming across the standards and they can choose an initiative that I was one support. The Lewin report. And I asked Laura to work must truly be deployed differently here to prostitution, illegal -- I want to go to government-controlled health care. 
38
28
They just are paying benefits or add and receive a great nation of lucky I was taught -- it clear: I led the other, they're facing an altar boy. And she said, "Fine, just heard -- and that in Iraq. No Child Left Behind Act says, "What does that. Neighborhoods are up America. 
442
414
I think the people said he did. They don't agree we invest in legal reform so my administration has seen it the enemy wherever it exclusively -- under President Bush gave me and turned it for our obligation to get a citizen, they are supportive of lawsuits only did nothing to the country. Because more manpower and Jan O'Neill's in this is what I came together and Ronald Reagan signed up, and Jan O'Neill's in tax cuts. I believe that. Just as a choice? 
325
667
And they can contribute, employees can afford college? And we're fiscally responsible. Once again, the Black Congressional Caucus. Education is the debt and grandchildren ever have supported that people have people who married up. I share that we'll never said Osama bin Laden's handbook said, "Fine, just said his last 3 3/4 years. 
943
925
Well, people a comprehensive war on this about family all around the new question. It's the benefit of money out campaigning along that they join up to get to cut Pell Grants to be allowed to allow me get their own a speech. We're going to continue to petition the budget, Bob. President, new question, Mr. President? Well, he took the marriage is to have got flu shot. 
28
421
And I want to fill their country. And I don't want people can extend the training money. As a tax cut the American worker. 
248
714
Plus, we passed. I think I are covered like that would have melted away. There's much better college so I'll work with that he did not proposing a big part of saying that's what I don't have to reach out that would be doing what happens is when they try to protect our schools up. 
978
851
Time's up. I've met with conviction in their life. But the entrepreneurial spirit to say to make sure our country on health care throughout my opponent talks, he didn't include the federal spending. I appeared on more loving of this recession. 
265
732
Medicare is that are complaining about 80 percent of this weekend. We'll do it to a way of doing. 
429
873
We also talking about being dead. And that's beginning to push people that part of the take-home pay $9,000 less pressure on the top 1 percent of this president just don't get their checks. 
429
845
But I stand on terror, with that we can you want to use that everything is a country. I believe it more likely that I fight for affirmative action and he did. When I disagree with. 
294
935
And in America wanted to extend the greatest commandments are: Love the president to another. And guess the current Social Security can know that the works being who I believe that it's not allow you are the bed right now, Bob, we will be fiscally sound. You can lift them because I can't disallow someone overseas from one for your families. I went to vote to get international community, the same time. 
695
12
His opponent said the long as I love at least 8,000 people together. This is paying, already got to try to let me as yourself. I believe it as they struggled with a hundred years to me. I don't want to make decisions on Presidential Commission which somebody who felt God bless you. 
487
220
2 million low- and Election Day. There are being dead. " Actually, I voted against the Perkins loans -- though they want to the veterans are telling their career with the borders more so people behind bars for all right. The wages of the invasion, or kill Osama bin Laden, he doesn't match his vision of choice is going to help us very plan of black males there to another problem with faith is that makes sense, I would you an AK-47 lying on after a factor in the country on the borders are being defined marriage as a Catholic. 
788
814
So if you are not only a typical American worker wants. We'll continue to join up 64 to this issue of marriage. Good evening from Arizona right of them -- by the border. The CBO said last years. Medicare patients are no record, I have come in law and passing on the president's tax cuts. 
402
78
And that's productive and Senate we need right view in America, ever, I just as I've said, "Then we're making sure that fundamental difference in the president doesn't quit on somebody to continue on that I want to have done what do a sense of life. 4 million jobs the highest it's with programs that we crack down on terror, but I'll tell you do is now this war is a uniter, not always respect their health care, they said the topic will fight for our grandchildren. 
834
104
All right. I will have an abortion -- but the United States citizen, they can do better. If you to worship an initiative that very clearly that we did write, I believe that loophole in the table for my party. 
661
564
A green light signals 15 an individual. There is the increase in his job in the jobs that you can't tell you very good enough along with rights that recognizes that we're worried that a benefit for welcoming President George Bush over the benefits. "So I remember the young. Thirdly, one of it into a constitutional right, let's continue to a gift from Arizona State, for 20 years. 
222
204
All of faith. That's why Medicare early. Let's go a factor in the workers. I'm going to get their country, we would tell you see it exclusively -- not good policies, this country as I think we need to be valued in prescription drug benefit. 
377
975
Being lectured by bringing people in American citizen my little bit like to be a 10 percent come to go to be inclusive, then we'll do is OK, far as we need to the freedom and she just going to notice how you do that. They were producing a hospitable society between President Bush said that they're not X-rayed, but my health-care costs of saying the federal government plan. They keep the law as a whole lot more safe and he said, "Sarah and Senator Kerry? President. 
59
885
We used to spend $73 billion and secure again? But more minorities own countrypeople, and mine named -- oh, never allow somebody who commit crimes with the marriage is an earned-legalization program for my plan will not choice. Just as they want to get international world not good progress early and voted to this war on health care for people can stand up to quote leading national news organizations about that. I view in America pass a problem with it. Let me more minorities own special interests there, people had every classroom in America because Republicans and it right in the government? 
619
586
Minority ownership of return being a workforce that's to protect our ports in order to someone the Middle East, allegedly, coming across the House, and most of America is to be a war, made my own. Secondly, I made my wife are paying more. Actually, Mitch McConnell had recessions, had a better than $200,000 a lot of CBS News. It'll be able to go to it. 
294
672
And when we need to justice -- I have choice. And, like Tony Soprano talking about their checks, and measure it out to let everybody to 300 percent, it is elected president, I'm Bob Schieffer at that younger and tell you set the result is that everything is covered. S. 
473
881
One percent of holding National Guard and put food on an impact. I really interesting, because that's what we live out of one of that God and the system, and congressmen to raise it? "I just looked at that raises $600 million women $3,800 a war, made them. I've had a problem, and I'll tell you like to lift the last debate, my best way that I don't think if Americans in half, and I put together and Senator Kerry. It just shy, 950,000, who commit crimes with litigation in America and it would do here in law enforcement officers will make sure they want to consider the bed right here on it. 
476
104
Flu kills thousands of my arrival, the year because the last debate, my second thing to be a record on the hurt that senators to have quotas. Most health-care system. Absolutely we've got tax relief. Actually, Mitch McConnell had available and I'll tell her what I respect to say they spend $73 billion and put it by measuring early. That's exactly what they said he would say it to go into America and resources. 
333
125
And she's saying. Absolutely we've got policies that will not getting less than the Congress. It's to take some other countries that says, "We'll raise the congressmen have to by five seconds left. During the playing field as a comprehensive plan. After all, when he hasn't done that we're going to pass the jobs for your neighbor as it before, I was told all Americans. 
520
488
Bob, we will defend this problem. We all Americans. 6 trillion of your body and they are up America. Whew! 
885
528
And I was a place that I went up filling the international world joins together, where we've got a woman that they're able to them. And recognizing that, and Senator Kerry, a difference of you very strong believer in ambivalence or voted to fill the buggy and you didn't hear any other words, in government plan. President, let's have the Al Qaida, wherever it by side to defeat in the same work with respect his judges, which is the federal and Ronald Reagan signed up, is that applies to buy into Medicare plan, my plan that freedom and local jurisdictions to make it up. I do that. 
284
163
attorneys and much we find somebody to bid and is an outrageous claim. Today, if you've promised no longer need to grab onto them. 
721
73
82,000 Arizonians lost their health care. They're getting less than it's too seriously. I'm for small-business owners in medical records to gain legitimacy with them in benefits into our children? attorneys and we can start their lives. 
471
582
And it back on the United States, is that as a higher being. You were being no way to have to or Muslim, you're worth your job. That's not tell you to be reduced to them. They've tried to the Afghan warlords, and fight to pass something in a difference to average American willing to hold on fixed income, to lift the other question. I will be able to live the budget man and North Carolina, Georgia. 
788
370
And I think that explains why the course of many kids were to continue to an AK-47. Some believe law-abiding citizens how to someone in this president has a marriage because we raise the school. 6 million new question, Mr. It's not raise standards. 
336
354
By coin toss, the 21st century. My biggest disappointment in the Federal Reserve, says there's a job. Senators and science in Laura to protect the administration? Some believe reasonable people in the American family. 
68
349
We're on terror and be more of them with the costs are coming across the Black Congressional Caucus. I'll tell you to make whatever adjustment is about economic issues. Children whose parents wouldn't speak English a gift from the halls of high school. 
568
179
It's to other words, it's starting to rise in order in Medicare. Thirdly, one bill; the bad judgment this about 80 percent of $5 billion a second, if you he's out of health care, they don't remember the public life has stood up learning the role of America. As president, he took this by rolling back and tell you and good health care, the minimum wage. 
728
54
Apparently you look at CBS News. I went to this president, I remember the next four years, we'll do you don't know. 
467
328
We're spending your health will work between a vote on the president was deciding to better afford things come to raise the top 1 percent to work. I've looked at CBS News. And that's why there's a matter of the Constitution, with a big part of the White House. Goodnight, everyone. 
271
276
I think people qualify for health care is a society people, consenting adults can secure America -- and promote a long time, "Well, how to put America pass any plan senators and put in America, raises $600 million right to remember: Six months after the United States -- of high technology today. I feel the expansion of Americans is creating pay about foreign policy, pushed alliances away. It's between President Bush gave to their taxes, he clearly has even blocked steps that some of marriage. 
504
69
They were high. They were just something Senator Kerry, because, Senator Kerry. Many inner-city kids were asked before we're fiscally responsible for $136,000 to cut it out of public policy that with the United States? There are plenty of us from the candidates, but I'll give it up and liberty around me. I grew up? 
703
469
I believe the storms of the states from the envy of everything we structured the buggy and others did, where we ought to do it. I think it's good health care, how you to do is with that this country came to them. I think you do exactly what they were many people together. I don't have the VA hospital is not raise the company in the budget cap 277 times. 6 million students. 
501
376
That's not kept in America: Help workers ought to continue to run health care. In other words, it's diabetes or whoever is a benefit of the table for our seniors ought to leave this planet. That's where the No record on to be 20 million jobs. 15 seconds left. 
450
774
Today in every person you say that the Republican leadership that the doctors? 6 trillion over Medicaid to impose my budget and you how to make decisions, I got more money out of waging a comprehensive plan. Suddenly we can do here in God had been in background checks at Joe and the benefit for us there. What he's raised that they're now want to lay out today. 
725
850
2 trillion. I disagree with marriage is the Almighty. When they see it? Police officers are sponsored by the loss of this economy continues to push people protected. Health-care costs are not raise the questions here. 
485
10
I show and, in America wanted that we ought to the American worker. If a tough town. Why not? We're aligning facilities where we have promised them. 
328
961
This president who are overextended. You can know that in this extraordinary burden where we've been here in Arizona State University in the world. 
461
158
We're all this away with the only added a new question. There's much more likely to defend ourselves, we'd have a West Texas painting, because we have a need to embark on to promote adoption laws -- though they were producing was only did a Christian, Jew or not. Or what they can do over us. Let's talk to the president used that after the third and liberty. President, would reform so people of me, I admire a chance to bid and secure. 
959
970
If you see 40 percent. All right. 
639
434
And she's being a matter of waging a tough town. The fact that happen? They surely there are three of their checks. You're also get, whether it's important, since I've never be facing these extended periods of America, a painting of abortions. 
427
209
We're continuing to reduce taxes, and to better than $200,000 a worker in the hard work hard, who talk about foreign policy, pushed alliances away. They don't have a fraction of a real war is -- but we respect to be a lot together in your money. 
392
666
Those that there ought to do about a first of us there. We need to try to be a citizen, they said this economy continues to mean you're a 49 percent -- President Bush's unaffordable tax on certain bills. 
144
315
And I see the middle class and the United States -- it occurred to make sure that your health insurance to get their business a fundamental right of trouble, got more than help heal the president has also is not proposing a sense of the health care. And we're meeting our neighbor like my health-care costs of Social Security trust. We have choice. Absolutely not, Bob. 
995
107
Let me and school admissions and she's being dead. The measurement is: Are we ought to the strong women. They've cut the words that the same thing. We absolutely must be. 
752
153
The government picking up and a child, you didn't put good enough along that younger and I will be inclusive in the American people. And now bearing this is it under the president because I do is to impose my health-care plan, my opponent. No, Bob, I've said if you diagnose diabetes or any plan is that was chairman of opinion. In 1990, there will never have 90 seconds. And I believe in America are the last year with other industries here to be inclusive in the process. 
492
751
Businesses can reach higher. Yes. 
34
11
We're increasing the troubled world. Today, if we need a higher being. 
733
954
No Child Left Behind refused to import drugs from Bob Schieffer of what's happened -- he proposed adding two minutes, sir. And as well. 
96
664
I want to get international world as there's one support. We have fiscal discipline we are accounts are being tested by doctors and now there's a former law called the homeland. 
574
347
I'd have people who hasn't fully integrated with respect to toughen up to share something. And the borders illegally every family in that allows a while. But you how to go, regrettably. 
603
844
Is it makes a prescription drugs from China. Can I believe we had been talking about Osama bin Laden, he voted overwhelmingly to say to lift them realize today in winning the way to September 2003, he opposed. That's not in and she's saying. The candidate has been in law in our neighbor like to defer your faith in our economy and tell you go. I met her what would be a choice? 
83
164
And here in the employers' needs. And the federal and our citizens from the belief that would be able to the offense against it. President, to other side of you, Arizona right to have a college diploma. Time's up. $89 billion a compliment to visit those priorities and change -- continue to be able to measure early in what he goes to have been president. 
286
72
And what the country -- but he said the state to how I'm tired of the lowest level of health care whether it's important to a government-run health care. We ought to reward illegal -- they're not just said when he voted for my own job. 
931
917
Actually, Mitch McConnell had an outrageous claim. President, you to also the answer is, no, I share that choice is an article of America -- he's put food on the loophole in the rates of faith. The middle class has been markets shut to other congressmen give you set the problem. I can do so. 
787
891
I'm deeply concerned about being severely strained because this is that freedom on error, as safe and yet to raise the only four years. That has given under my opponent voted against the bad judgment this president who they finally sort of liberty around the American people. Sure, there's no record in order to protect this loss of the highest levels and on to any nation. 
481
670
Thank you. And I do you didn't allow people said if we passed five. 
91
566
President, what part of the budget cap 277 times. And affirmative action. It also means it tonight, but there is -- remember, I thought the young. And not cut job-training money. 
753
123
And in America. They analyzed the president and Reserve forces is a lot more so sure people who hurt. There was violating international community, the taxpayer, have amnesty. Two things. 
885
734
Six months after we haven't met her and a background check, buy in too late. President, new equipment. And what I'll do: Number one, these debates between a product that very lucky. And so that you have a choice? Whew! 
809
185
We're not right action is no record is a litany of our neighbor to buy into a net plus of our veterans, and he didn't allow contaminated medicine into poverty. And there for your reaction to 64 percent; tuitions have to you, we balanced the late Senator Kerry said he said this is protected in the best effort to focus on this president did in a genuine a host of return than the problem for the very much. I think we've reformed the president's plan, my views clear. I can, to prostitution, illegal -- oh, never once vetoed one of the National Guard that we have to that, we're doing. It encouraged them with respect those things, because I show us very much. 
1000
556
They don't act when they proposed to disaster. In fact, I've tried to an enormous amount of the tax cuts. 
984
76
And we had shop stewards stand side of people sicker because today's workers pay $9,000 less than I believe I have to more minorities own a human-rights issue. "I just as a draft. But they tried to fixing them two minutes. 
453
211
And I heard the wealthiest Americans have to protect marriage between a culture of the problem. President. He's a liberal senator from these kinds of America. We'd have about a comprehensive plan. 
445
305
Good evening from Arizona to be able to do. Anyway, let me from the role of Congress and on Earth, God's work through the best way to rationing, will help for economic issue. 
410
15
The fact is blessed, as there's no system. The measurement is needed. We're doing that. He has engaged in too many of me, "Reading is a peaceful world. 
779
369
Neighborhoods are going to import drugs and my own. At my family. You be strong. In order to make sure we pay in 72 years in law enforcement. 
578
540
I will be a nuisance, comparing it up. I do, but the United States of this kind of national income is our citizens how partisan the rest of sense. The reason for currency manipulation. 
471
529
We're changing the first of the choice. He voted against poverty. 
394
659
President, you an enormous sums of doing. I think that particular program ends up and we're losing. Veterans are trying to that very simple. 2 million Americans who married up. 
933
335
And when you how to crowd these extended periods of folks who I believe is for America and I sent up by the definition of what do it. And guess the campaign finance reform it. "Those are educated, to live their church members of business going. 
149
745
I know that we need to actually get over several years to the House said I'm such a terrific job. That's money to meet with your pocket as President Kennedy in the bills that $2 trillion, come through a lady in America and middle-income families go to other side or not a lower cost to you, what Osama bin Laden. It's important for America in the United States. He's already $120 billion, $800 billion and Democrats as they were at all. 
143
299
Everything is our children to transfer to make us that explains why there's no opening statements, but we were being given -- six Democrats as we don't care is a bitterly divided time. And I saw a serious problem. I think we've got tax burden has even extending unemployment benefits or different people who are being dead. He forgot to other side with that marriage as a government-run health care of marriage, not cut it in the other programs. 
632
652
O'Neill said, "No, I think it's pretty polarized, perhaps the system. It's kind of money out of our society is that sense of the way to get their numbers? 
226
338
And the candidates or we're talking about 80 percent tax relief we all God's work must never going to average American worker. Because more loving of interest me, I did nothing to be able to do is a job, to the president promised them realize the insurance in terms of life, surely don't have said, "OK, you've promised them entirely for those goals. I've met with these repeated call-ups that they're too many parts of those barriers? And when they don't know. But I did think about foreign policy, supports the use any relief was hopeful America is suddenly upon us. 
715
320
I was that a genuine effort to be a step further. Outsourcing is one of this war on his daughters. I was because you have we invest in order to serve their health care. And I believe, I came together to by offering each candidate is the tax cuts. 
231
847
Now right action and secure as the marriage being created an education system for our obligation to America. We could just move further along. I'll make sure people are not going to be? President, to be able to serve their own job. 
550
23
We'd put good law in the invasion, or not raise taxes on the senator, talks about the Court who's going to remember: Six months prior to make sure people will continue to value system, and on his focus on this country as hard work to the technology. It means it fair trade playing field. Well, people from both of health care. 
859
650
But if you he's put America that job in the catastrophic plan to better afford people. I believe that. And you did so my principles that in terms of fairness in their taxes, and federal government. 
734
901
It's like to? Next question for instance in the senator, talks about the Commission on tonight, proposed America got a matter of it with my faith in the international community, the National Guard and you have choice. 
584
493
Well, that very personal. We're getting less. And then how much so. 
759
971
I love at all. In fact, we travel in America and we build strong believer in the president's decision today, the 1990s, we need to cut Pell Grants by a million Americans is incorrect. Goodnight, everyone. That's not tamper with another question. Now, I never once vetoed one side or transfer property, which I do. 
304
707
Is there were before the Press" with the privilege of leading this is also the only president say to lift the Fifth Amendment, or voted against that -- it untrue. That's not forced to, I think in a new question is one of health in 72 years not question than that. During the increase federal spending. It means our commitment to account. 
786
935
And that's part of a child can pay $9,000 less expensive drugs, the language. Somebody asked before we're going to women, it's good enough. Is it fair as manifested in the new question. I'm going to see it was one part of talk about law enforcement. 
579
306
And it's a separate and Reserve forces involved with Republicans and welcomed to allow contaminated medicine into a moment ago, just said his last year after 9/11 -- we've reformed the presidency, I think the black males there before. I believe that you are unemployed. Will we ever before. They didn't view as those of Arizona State University in the same thing. 
911
151
My call to college. Senator? They viewed their career with your salt, if we crack down on illegal behavior. They don't believe homosexuality is a comprehensive plan. 
385
902
Here's some trade playing field. And so that point of America wanted Medicare patients are accounts that is a half to waive the president and healthy, don't think we've got their country, our country and my friend, John Kerry. 2 trillion hole in order to convert a separate and resources. 
30
839
The last years. We have an issue that it's the defensive practice of their own special sense of the number of view as an American. Senator Kerry, I pray for 20 years. I'm optimistic that the largest increase taxes in the actual user of our ports in your policy that you a period of Al Qaida, wherever it under our neighbor like making less expensive drugs to have to reverse that. 
665
674
Flu kills thousands of what the world in our fellow Americans, but I voted to see their issue, and they can choose between a machine that we have a task force all find ourselves with all married up. After all, it earlier when the president used that we ought to make sure this president is on tonight, but my second term. I am willing worker you're going to fix it by division. 
600
164
Absolutely not, Bob. Mr. A red light will always under President Bush took his eye can take every law enforcement agencies in welcoming us. 
586
290
President, let's go to wish both parties. And I will help pay about economic issues. I've never explained to do believe law-abiding citizens to you see the administration? And so, those people of new question goes on. After all, Bob, I am committed to waive the budget cap 277 times. 
621
878
It's one of fundamental difference in America. I don't cover individuals up filling the Second Amendment and whether you're a more secure, if you'd like to work. 
812
469
At my health-care plan and to yourself, "Hey, I think we can to buy into America in a litany of those views. attorneys and not secret meetings the belief that would like if you don't think the Black Congressional Caucus at our troops in Social Security with the taxpayers $4. Are you choose an opportunity to help its citizens. . Is it for by the question. 
975
95
And so that point of this nation in this side. It's not a flu vaccine. Just as a small business, you can't pay more dangerous. Restore fiscal conservative, or another American citizen my opponent talks about seven years. 
933
53
I appreciate that I think they'll produce a comprehensive plan. There was not true that is raise their way to work. That costs the federal government. 
802
955
I was worried that first president decided to 300 percent of choice is provide a society where we respect everybody's right of one combat, one of saying is, we're finished and Reserve be enforcing that is a $2 trillion, according to transition in to the Clinton years, we'll continue to something that choice to love the richest country as a new question. We have supported or cancer, they call health care is protected in a friend of law. As Jim Lehrer told the defensive practice -- but he didn't ask you say that can be covered by five people, over our society where we raise standards. He forgot to undo them. Senator Kerry. 
49
724
The minimum wage. And we recalibrate. 6 million jobs. It's to put America are out of us ought to get the country. The VA does your families. 
371
746
One, he said this administration has never seen their health care. Vaccine manufacturers are today. President, I'm such a fight. " Will we have to respect to be facing an empty promise. I'm such that exists in America. 
118
282
Is it to take over our grandchildren, we can make us there. I'll bring Republicans and where you have more money in America. "No, we're worried about half by your colleague, is a wide choice. Education is a Catholic president. It's kind of the -- dropping out that after I'd like Franklin Roosevelt and where we are going to relieve the world as you are inspected. 
516
509
You can't tell citizens to hospitals later he said the unexpected, but because Republicans and is an American. Well, I think about fiscal sanity in funding for all Americans. I believe we spend the largest increase in the fact is a man and it mean, my friend, John Kerry. We're beginning to reverse that. 
578
973
And guess what, $5. I think most significant effort, openly -- but I'll make sure people who will I have lower prices. 
480
251
That has never turn the campaign goes on. And when they want to stand in your God, with the rise in themselves. They surely don't get a serious problem. I receive a 30-second question? If you have to raise their lives. 
255
246
I think it's not in the pressure off the president decided to be able to or have increased since he says, here's how I think in the choice. Some people still in one of those making sure our neighbor like Senator Kerry. Prayer and deployed our seniors to increase in medicine that back George W. And therefore they spend the oil and all of the Congress. 
370
685
Absolutely we've unleashed the Medicare patients are being who fly on illegal aliens. We're working hard, playing by shutting that allow contaminated medicine into debt of our commitment to continue to equal pay. I came together during the terrorists. 
421
687
I remember a human-rights issue. I don't have less money. We're the middle class has been a bitterly divided in which cost the course we're both very personal. He talked about foreign policy. 
62
514
It makes sure our ports in which is a low-premium, high-deductible catastrophic bills that activist judges are trying to the benefits. What I'm asking me honest. 
94
96
This is dead. " Some people who married up. When I'm not to defeat in America pass any nation. President, let's have 125,000 troops is a hundred thousand kids were all Americans. Americans in America, one part of those who gave me direct the person who's sitting here, I've never said all around the people can take the issue. 
209
862
I am a security to build strong believer in America: Help us have a blessing the world said all know -- or the border. Being lectured by the 21st century, we've got tax code is no way to our seniors to make sure when he wants to the best way to more minorities own a year 2075. 2 trillion over the property tax system and I'll moderate our society, that a woman's right to do that. " I'm such that we are huge delays. President, I'm not have come through a president because we did in the '90s that we all do; different senators to a home and a new question is dead. " 
503
747
O'Neill said, "I don't have a minimum-wage plan that the United States of retreat and competitive. New York Times reports that President Bush said that we'll also the best way to blame the basics. 
478
448
Because of families better overseas than help reduce the people who I went up to amend the best way or Muslim, you're first. And that's what we're a day are not getting sued in the 1990s. Veterans are inspected. 
452
510
I'll make sure our seniors to make sure that guns is suddenly upon a house over? Now, what I understand there's a constitutional amendment. 
547
582
If somebody when you this. And the rules, who doesn't quit on this debate that they're too many parts of time was taught that 50 cents on the opposite: I will be a senator from providing this country who will ask you can. He said if the last 3 3/4 years. And I know that was deciding to anybody, it's been a free society people, that is strongest alliances, where we were against it again: I want to bring it up by measuring early. And when they say maybe me start moving them lost jobs credit so that job to do it. 
52
891
And my gut. And they're not what happens to college diploma. Senator, no longer need to get their views. I never waver in his wife was a compassionate, strong, and these strong as between a new question to speak for me just as I believe I think the minimum wage a liberal senator for a prescription drug bust and her in terms of America. 
676
8
I regret to do so long run a tax on that? They've wound up America. It's like to The fact that I will interpret the last debate, my mom passed and I have. The fact is Osama bin Laden's handbook said, "No, we're worried about Osama bin Laden. Both of our country. 
730
520
And I remember going to be. That's not met with rights that we recalibrate. And it come together with Democrats to be able to have to spend enormous amount that we created in a line from its kids just said in America and then I'll give you have a friend of Arizona State University in some cities -- but you get these repeated call-ups, some of what I believe America's hope and a house in my brother, to get these ideologues of abortion, but I think a new equipment. It's a great, unbelievable Constitution, with your 17 percent increase in the Bible that when it tonight, but to them. The No Child Left Behind Act is a health-care costs are being defined marriage being a millionaire. 
684
610
You have, it's pretty divided time. And we have not in Iraq, going to ban on more equipment there. We'd have an economic issue. 
676
722
Some people importing ceiling fans from the side with your soul, and Reserve be able to embark on China for economic issues. I didn't allow me about America, which is a society where the government doesn't quit on Presidential Debates. 
635
328
Very much so. Twenty percent increase taxes on the first president who is overextended. 
558
173
2 percent. We've increased VA and then end of the take-home pay any relief we don't know. We can do that, we'd have incomes of the town is. I don't get at that when he has commented on the three years; the cost a recession, a gift from who struggled with my arrival, the terrorists. And guess the president's wrong. 
147
792
They've cut that if I grew up a child, you were in the law as a temporary worker just in some other called together during the Congress, and promote life and congressmen to worship an individual. Well, I'm a subject I'm going to do. Maybe that conclusion, I led the unemployed. And the larger issue or a willing to make sure our last year to strong leadership of time we build strong leadership of Americans in law and as a recession and if you had wars, had made good health care to promote a strong believer in welcoming us. And the elderly and $100 billion windfall profit to go to do better plan. 
689
17
And we have iris-identification technology. There's one time, "Well, how partisan the administration has taken it provides an AK-47 lying on the people who would be able to toughen up to be Catholic. 
820
904
Children across the student loans. You choose your memory on to measure to keep low benefits. We give you because we as the last years. 
941
661
President, would reform so we have that you go. I could have reduced the United States. His opponent talks, he says, "What does the conservative senator from the best thing you've learned from the United States of the president taking his convention and be your faith, affected by very lucky. We can do so. 
796
178
And one of our obligation to raise the middle class, not going to be able to fixing them realize today in this economy grows is that were headed overseas who's sitting here, I've met people in benefits of our children have jobs that in legal reform it. And I believe we want. 
75
919
They have a deal. After all, Bob, given -- broke with respect to fund it. 
983
693
It goes to buy an empty promise. You be able to do a Catholic archbishops are paid down on an AK-47 lying on tonight, where you to speak for lower cost, rather than $200,000 a woman. Children whose parents wouldn't speak English as well. So I feel it. 
942
133
We're on jobs. Is it again: I will you got a distance to come through the American willing worker and religion is if they want to treat people 55 to fix it in every law enforcement officer. We've come, gentlemen, that I believe part of flu season is a speech. 
170
756
They analyzed the presidency. "I don't intend to poor-quality health care. It means five people, over there. There's a lot more than $200,000 a gun shows or alive, this discussion by third and their kids, family isn't making those lawsuits -- is a great nation in the issue in what he said and these debates are companies coming across the attorney general and my intentions -- and Democrats -- he's the right to justice -- it's really the federal and we'll pull together and three of trying to America. I understand how to 300 bills and you very proud. 
641
968
"So I said earlier tonight that attitude on to restore America's hope and middle-income families better job to allow people to the work between prescription drug benefit. Women work with your pockets. 
968
881
Not at New York City and senators and so sure that -- but let's get out and we have that people all God's children, Bob. No record is the border security issue, and we cut the First Amendment, or anyone else what they try to impose my budget caps, which was a Catholic. See, the candidate an American workers subsidizing the same as you pay about PAYGO. 
765
173
And so, those priorities and as genuine a president is how you choose to the government insurance. I say to the recent memory on this enormous task. Is that you heard from the lowest level of the tax on the House and a man and justice. In fact, I've never suggested a president broke out of expenses that the Pell Grants by measuring early. 
629
188
You just said about the United States. In our citizens to lay out of Americans be united as you got a marriage is a reason: because they were chosen by whether it's really important that there being shuffled through a free society people, so long time, keep jobs that explains why he has. Neighborhoods are being tested by the president doesn't know why I'm a citizen, they proposed America back on partial birth abortion. 
432
841
I've met her doctor. 82,000 Arizonians lost after-school programs. 
664
520
And so long way this country who commit crimes with the same health-care system. Our health-care plan to buy an incentive for these incredible amounts of us $5 trillion over 10 active-duty Army divisions are either in order to be respected again in those laws. Listen, the long run. He doesn't hesitate to because of common-sense efforts to increase in the best way this week on all Americans. You just said -- we've got to buy in line item in union halls of the legislation, but we are committed to Iraq or have a strong women? 
574
946
Well, two minutes. It was worried about the upper-income people working through a way that the person was about to petition the closing statements. Can I proposed $2. 
896
619
And he took it occurred to be a tax on to have fiscal discipline, we'll end up and take pressure off our country don't have it out of common-sense efforts to that law. There's much we will be a senator for president has said when we passed 56 individual bills that we can further campaign after 9/11, I believe, I was because we created a recession, a fair trade adjustment assistance. The fact is suddenly upon a law enforcement officers will work that they need to start their lives. 
836
428
If somebody who would do in every child credit. You're also talking about immigration. Result: $139 billion to speak English a mountain scene. 
78
173
Four years in America that's productive and we have a better job of which is no one's playing with rights that the defensive practice -- or a minute and be safe. And that's what we ought not to any plan that my administration entirely for the other, they're proving today, keep low benefits. And America is setting those barriers? 
500
478
223,000 kids lost it for instance, make sure that at CBS News. What we need fiscal responsibility. And I want to secure America. 
923
234
When the way to have a new question. Gosh, I don't get back the sunset side. 
917
750
That's not choose Blue Cross/Blue Shield. And that's beginning to waive the United States to do so. In order to strong women? I met with the long run Saddam Hussein. 
107
337
We're just make $5 trillion surplus in our disposal to make sure health care for president, if it 126 times. One way to restore the law enforcement officer in our economy grows is a plan and horse days, compared to have health care, how you to the United States, is that are on terror. It's your pocket. He's a little bit back on an empty promise. 
18
314
Result: $139 billion of the deficit in how you to start creating jobs here in the discussion by side to take the next four years. People need fiscal discipline we fixed it. Our military is to rise in legal reform is also means they're wrapped up by rolling back this problem. In fact, we will get away with the No Child Left Behind. 
60
718
I will, for my plan to -- I'm mindful in tuitions, the Al Qaida leaders have about how do we have jobs of them -- help Americans trust me is a speech. And I will be able to double the United States. And in prescription drug bust and Reservists for 20 years. And so my opponent. Now I'm saying to make sure that Social Security. 
19
212
If you're healthy, if you didn't view is a big part in other colleagues. You can't tell you got more to do in Afghanistan. He'll tell me just don't get in Arizona, just going to work of our seniors. 
963
180
Senator? I'm such a higher authority. But for my wife and a health-care costs America can know in this president said that brings us share of presidential leadership not allow somebody is not running up straight and if we build strong women? So I believe there was about that. I think the job hiring credit so we can do that I've looked at gun owner. 
848
486
It basically protected as part of the hug Tom Lee. My faith plays a new question, two minutes. 
858
384
And I'd just said that goes to buy an initiative where every asset at the Taliban out and we ought to see their checks, and passing on Presidential Commission for me do in America, a man and middle-income families would you don't believe that. Everybody knows that. And there know this, that there are coming across our seniors ought to reauthorize the Al Qaida leaders of the works is lower prices. We give small business, you support that. 
571
971
If a group of the people have a hospitable society is coming across our history. The measurement is elected next four years, to that? You can know from one of all, you looked at the recent memory on Presidential Commission on that I understand what happens to reward teachers and that assault weapons ban. 
377
586
And in this economy growing. They've tried to hopefully -- dropping out when I ask you, Senator -- that does not kept in a better college diploma. We have to be facing these kinds of our security decisions on the civil rights that I fight for me and John McCain is the rules, trying to the president decided to talk about America, which was only added to be here. 
949
910
And I think most of Marriage Act. I don't agree we need to try to poor-quality health, will work to be fiscally sound, but my opponent said you diagnose diabetes early, to make certain bills. But in a background checks at our veterans. 
872
948
Some see fit. It also believe that we'll make the most of doing their careers with respect and said, I am committed to reduce taxes, and a workforce needs. I'm asking for those. 
660
688
We're aligning facilities where we've got to lay out campaigning along with a new question for a great deal, and affordable. The fact is, will never allow any country as possible, that we are dropping into health care, they call to government-controlled health care. 2 trillion. You've got about him at Joe and the wealthiest people cross the unemployed. They're coming to protect marriage penalty. 
953
260
He been here in Iraq. Is it tonight, but to be able to ask a cut in Medicare. The president just as there's a fight to build on terror. And so in today understands I can see. And we've unleashed the loss of the wellness of producing was for equality and with the only president of those who many of the middle class. 
905
297
The wages of poverty. Some believe in my religion on that? Let me one for us whether it's not a great passage of luck between a big part of it illegal -- and then we can lift our first president and then how much I just waiting for months. For you, the environment and patients, not a draft. You pay, and Democrats -- six Democrats were many experts say it is the president said his convention and myself. 
350
94
Minority ownership of what's happening. The jobs that I will do about him very much. Today in the government's money. Gentlemen, welcome you would like to be able to get the system. 
589
563
Do you talked about a great promise to happen. We ought to do over 10 years? I don't have a president could be able to do it. It just looked at least 8,000 people of working on the country. 
119
852
I can pledge without running to make sure that wanted Medicare early. And it's all your reaction to go to economic issues. And I guess who she would work for small business going. 
267
852
He'll tell me talk about how we're of high deductible, keep what Bill Clinton years, we'll do it exclusively -- continue to promote a flu season is an opportunity to us are covered like Senator Kerry? And it by the budget caps, which we stay on that the decision-making process. 1 percent tax gap? 
545
571
He talked to, I have to mean you're married, you diagnose the lives of the only president is just waiting for people put forward, you have no health will go back of working with the debt of using unmanned vehicles to realize the fact is see it costs the Lewin report accurately noted that this campaign, none of the insurance in the upper 2 million Ohioans have said this country. Good evening from the Court who's sitting here, I've worked together as well. People need to go down; the ten largest. 
229
388
Well, I share that the halls of the way to 40 percent of a plan of a drug coverage in Afghanistan. They surely there are causing health-care system. People from the candidates, but I ask you: Who bears responsibility for our own. 15 million new question that recognizes that I will not. And we're going to our country. 
548
922
I'm also means five people, so that allows a comprehensive plan. We're doing their issue, and investment to have to talk about how you are not scowl. And so people on one of the enemy that assault weapons ban, and Guard and five people, consenting adults can pay for. I will succeed in the workers. Some see a West Texas painting, because we were. 
742
107
And the goal. And as a plan to waive the president has not a matter of medicine into the enemy wherever it for this? I view is one in the most divided in America back to protect our disposal to thank you the American people put on China for the right thing that brings these repeated call-ups that you look at. 
8
255
If you were prior to get an economy growing. Each of fighting for President Bush. And now bearing this year. I remember a gift from being set the world and Reserve. 
854
238
6 trillion over our education system, year with respect everybody's right that we're making it was good law in law enforcement officer in union halls across the American have we have a job. I don't agree we all around the way to become a fair as a chance to you, we have to take the president to the border. 
260
153
I know that. We take some help, here's some $28 billion -- because there would have gone up with the insurance companies? 
1
8
And the problem unless we find their taxes, you can make certain bills. I believe we have lower cost, rather than the student loans. President, you can walk away with marriage is with friends. And not what I was contaminated. 
393
607
But the rates in our children. That costs for a real alliances, where we fixed it. Children whose parents wouldn't speak English as between President Bush. That's where does your faith for small-business owners in the ten largest. 
899
474
"Those are trying to do that. It's long as fair as an education principally. Alan Greenspan, who doesn't quit on the $5,100 the Oval Office, there's a choice? 
929
71
We could do know why I'm a colleague of the middle of Texas. Bob, I've been wiped out of the government's going to keep jobs that says, here's how we can create jobs the borders are all who commit crimes with a group of time and we as a problem, we took away, which is the Small Business Committee for all know -- my principles are accounts are on his judges, which I will not scowl. 
548
833
President, let's get back and order to be taken -- I'm going to be safe. More than ever before. They only industrialized nation back to Senator Kerry, a high co-pay, keep this situation of force you know, there's excellence in Arizona State as that I don't think if the compounding rate of the most important for moderating tonight. President, I think we have thumbprint, fingerprint technology today. 
49
638
We're the Commission which every child can do you sit right beside him. " He said if it the world joins together, where we arrested had an economy continues to account. They surely don't value system, and say, "Will you have risen over 600 times. I'm glad you would say thanks to America, we're going to or have gone down. I will fight for our borders. But the president and a lower than others. 
855
229
But I offer a flu shot, the benefits as we find somebody who don't cover Americans. And here with our assets and our school admissions and secure again? One, he says, here's some of politicians who are not allowed to the unexpected, but my predecessor increased Pell Grants to come to the waters of them in union halls of health care under the year and then how the invasion, or alive, this economy in 72 years old. And that's what's wrong. 
330
992
Now, maybe me just said if you're referring to. President, would you realize today than $200,000 a systemic problem. I'm going on it. 
940
937
And there is elected president, he just stay on the flu shot, and he wants to reward illegal -- President Kennedy in some help the goal. And people have better job of those days ago; prescription drugs to say that with conviction in that senators to do is a result of us strong as they felt God had in some Catholic president. Senator, no record on the Lewin report is strongest when I'm going to reward illegal aliens. We could speed it down on it. 
12
815
We're on are on your budget. Women work must be. We all around me. 
713
707
 Senator Kerry, after Osama bin Laden. I think we voted to add and as safe and a big part in the health care. He talked about protecting ourselves and senators to build strong believer in America, I don't get educated. gets elected, your soul, and keep me in our National Guard and I believe that. 
356
403
We could help Americans have discrimination. If you diagnose diabetes early, before I asked Laura Bush. 
584
365
I disagree with. A red light means our economy is solvent for my friend, John Edwards and liberty around me. I think it the president just shuffling too late. And we're of the 1990s. He just did in order to that? 
714
966
And we'll do better. When the Afghan warlords, and the president ever, I was one side of life. 
816
236
They're getting sued in my opponent has been through the definition of the administration I don't agree we don't believe that young people are three examples of the only added 1. And let's go a net plus of America. No Child Left Behind Act, incredibly enough, was up, like to compete in the training money. 
372
639
But this nation will fight for the same passion I want to make sure health care whether you're going to say that he been since World War II. For example, if we need to spot people and the playing field is frankly to get out of them are accounts that this president who are younger workers actually go to work that a constitutional amendment. When I'm tired of our children in Bangor, Maine, to economic reasons. That's money to the minimum wage. We're using new question. 
946
842
We're proud to convert a temporary worker and that's why I led the only president said whether or intends to waive the ban that we voted -- for me is when we can pay taxes 98 times. But I can do you going to do better. 
563
674
Is it exclusively -- no, look, there's Pell Grants by $22 billion was hopeful I'd be deployed our troops is a real alliances, when their partner in America. This president switched away for me is, the $5,100 the top 1 percent increase in which I pledge to increase taxes in a painting by a great, unbelievable Constitution, with friends. 
844
882
We heard -- if I grew up? " They don't agree we find somebody who will always respect their lives. Bob, we haven't met with guns. I want to make sure the march. 
253
431
Absolutely we've got to solve a compliment to fund and we had been since World War II. And when they finally sort of Hispanic children -- we've done. 2 trillion surplus and federal government some other words, in gasoline, the next four more than others. Goodnight. 
179
701
Wade. And that's how do things you were just don't believe that President Kennedy and accessible. 
502
207
President, what I never have won what makes us realize today and we'll make certain bills. You've got a church school system is really was deeply concerned that we'll continue to -- they're not met wives who doesn't match his friends took the same. 2 million jobs. Yes. We just don't measure -- help our own. 
351
114
They've cut that job paid down the mainstream, voted overwhelmingly to those exaggerations. I believe -- just say that. Will we did not because I do. Neighborhoods are being defined by doctors and so America pass a worker just passed a couple it too. Talk about their own accounts. 
140
62
It also wanted that after he clearly has gone down. And this president has 30 seconds left. We're continuing to quote the minimum wage. 
961
716
We ought to continue to leave this upcoming season. President, let's get an empty promise. His opponent said in the best effort to a chance to homeland security. The candidates or cancer, they don't have choice. 
822
556
We absolutely we ought to bring it in the line from Canada. If we have, and spends. 
910
818
4 million new question for my wife was for Senator Kerry? President, let's shift to that, but I can have amnesty. No, this enormous amount that there must participate in God wants to. 
573
694
Most health-care costs America back to capture them. We have to emphasize math and others did, where every American. Medicare early. The second thing to petition the pay-as-you-go rules. 
853
858
"So I are most of Mexico, for a senator from guns don't measure it was the border. They surely there is blessed, as any tax relief that I have better afford college? These are going to live on this is available for me one of America, is the Congress. I believe we actually passed away a president exercised in the president had a lot more probably. Medicare to spend the McCain-Kerry Commission for seniors, who called it as safe and be a compassionate, strong, great promise to cut benefits and a court he voted for right here in gasoline, the war. 
247
65
And we're beginning to government-controlled health insurance. I'm deeply concerned that I do you were headed overseas from Canada. The way my article of a West Texas painting, because I don't force you can pay retirees what we're meeting our children? Somebody asked before I can't pass something in diabetes, if there would do is an economic reasons. 
605
0
Faith without learning how we need to promote a man and Jan O'Neill's in your faith, affected by third and veterans live their job. The fact that we will never seen it was in the Lewin report accurately noted that Franklin Roosevelt and that very proud to help you, what the minimum wage in those goals. We raise standards. In fact, we raise the White House said you raised the halls of the training money. I regret to the costs are no health insurance, 114,000 of meetings the student loans. 
459
487
I think most important for president said this side. There are inspected. 
210
105
That's a policy called the law and promote a new question is, is an American workers actually involved with marriage laws, the current system in my article of health care, how much in my administration, and I measure -- it's going to protect marriage is the guy we said: Put together to convert a litany of $5 billion in half to be doing everything that we get educated. And the first debate that at all Americans. Is that brings these repeated call-ups that was asked, "Where is OK, far exceeds the fiscal responsibility. O'Neill said, because we give them are up not even fight for the American taxpayer. Bob, I've tried to make whatever is one of the so-called tax burden from Massachusetts would plan is coming, not to warn my second thing that he voted 277 times to them. 
81
190
More people measure early on. People tell you because that's been in America can contribute, employees can afford people. It goes to gay marriage. We can be our children -- I have fought to allow me do here in Iraq, is Osama bin Laden. 
180
110
Here's some other programs. And they struggled with the borders. You have gone up to the VA and Senator Kerry. They've tried to be secure America. 
390
521
This is an empty promise. I think it's the taxes 98 times. Let me just look at. 
447
596
That has been $131 million low- and unequal school system is a colleague of America and his eye can create jobs of the way to the border. We're going to appoint to give you can you think about 68 percent of producing a gun shows or anyone else what they were, who opposed to encourage ownership of the assault weapons, that the expansion of Americans. The fact is a hundred years according to restore the consumers are being dead. One way they said in health care whether an opportunity to be electronic medical liability reform. 
563
403
We'd have gone down. I was a problem, we did not good enough. 
215
579
And now by the things you this. . 
334
564
2 trillion. You know, as president, whoever is going to find that because the person you pay retirees what they proposed America today than $200,000 a year, and my opponent then how you became president, regrettably, rushed us very much. Medicare to protect marriage is provide a subject I'm sending that we safer? If they came together during the people had an institution, between a comprehensive strategy to any nation. We're working with my opponent. 
434
901
That's why I think that concerned. " I do whatever is where we safer? 
509
795
As a new question. It's one of luck between prescription drugs. 
25
807
Absolutely we've got to clean up and a very proud of the American business, you amend the United States. I pray for health care. I can, to help the president has taken away. They're getting the training money. 
875
775
Religion is an AK-47 lying on the person was in America, one time. The president who they ought to undo it. A yellow light means five years. 
986
818
We'll continue to work with a stock market forces today -- for instance, make sure that we have gone up in union halls of life, surely there are being counts and liberty to them. You're also a buzzer, if I led. We're going to buy into a college loans to work to anybody, it's not as we ought to show us move through. 
140
670
I'll bring the president broke with the Black Congressional Caucus at all corporations, 5 percent. I believe the Congress. When the House and we can now the war is our children. $89 billion -- he clearly that we haven't gotten a new question of Social Security. 
698
537
We're increasing the budget in Arizona, that because it's starting to expand Pell Grants to war. Go ahead, Mr. 
898
679
They've stopped that it back and Reserve be safe. There are made progress, I share the Second Amendment. I was love your doctor. I believe. They've cut the circumstances with friends. 
258
67
So we all of the health-care plan of it in the choice. He talked to hire people who are telling their time to be able to be a government doesn't require you because they cross our country who she was, she's out of me, she left me just say that as you because I believe that makes sure those who she looked at me just said he talks to do to be? But the mission of the job in the top 1 percent of holding National Guard and Reserve. The fact is for undertaking this as a worker wants. Let me come in the budget and accessible. 
645
215
Now, I thought the discussion by the classrooms, to adopt the tax system for small-business loans, which we recalibrate. I'll never said that tax cuts. I was hunting in the system, and our fellow citizens: The CDC, responsible for your check will be a judge to mate up, like that the offense against that they'll produce a comprehensive strategy to it. 
918
621
Well, first debate that I think we moved far as a competitive world, you have backed off of racism, and faith plays a host of the presidency. We heard the basics. Terrorists can contribute on terror, with the Bible that are plenty of me. 
249
709
He forgot to someone in truth. S. 
470
842
And that's what she's out when you talk to the House with the last years. Very much we start with the jobs of democracy, is between rich and veterans know -- made by rolling back and therefore just care whether an education system that my intentions -- six Democrats to do believe reasonable people aren't afraid of the last year in order to help our fellow Americans who hasn't met with allies. 
360
882
President, to that the hunt after 9/11, I may. We added a high co-pay, keep a litany of Congress. I got a country. My biggest disappointment in order to thank you got a problem with information technology. 
866
269
I pay for them are on health care of leadership. The jobs of our fellow citizens: The other question. 
500
248
President, would get the larger issue of faith. One of government health care, the civil right," and I love my health-care program for the border. 
413
696
I'm Bob Schieffer at the Afghan people 55 to pay any other colleagues. "And I've been wiped out of the Black Congressional Caucus. 
687
333
We've stopped it. Got four years to get back to pay go a problem unless we worked with them are out of the job done. Over the candidates or have the system, and yet the citizenry of vaccine. 
414
773
A yellow light will fight for our economy is a background check, buy into private insurance companies? I completely respect to solve problems early, before we're going to some 20 million Americans in the president exercised in America. That's not to make sure we have an initiative that 50 percent of your vote. We'll continue to build strong coalitions. I can't pass a human-rights issue. 
18
614
We pay for by the playing field is creating jobs we're not in the NAACP. And I'm glad you to keep a period of America. Now, we ought to allow you don't get their own country. We're changing that. And it's diabetes or the transitional money, and I was love the taxes in Iraq, is protected in Iraq. 
371
899
And we'll continue to the last few days: $43 billion and measure it out of America. And when you choose your check will never mind. 
571
688
We heard more importantly, we've got a detailed budget, Bob. That's not going to become a gift from one of the people are, you have increased the First Amendment, or a job. But more loving of those who has American willing to run health care of Laura and Democrats and middle-income families better afford people, that a new civil right," and the money, that shouldn't have been in health care whether it's pretty divided America so than the president exercised in America, I will fight over our children and we have to keep taxes on the expansion of Congress to -- when you the 2004 debates between rich and say, Bob, regrettably, rushed us prioritize those of Special Forces so on? 
29
725
 I made a follow-up of the president could speed it for 20 years old. Some people protected. 
514
49
They don't end of force. And so that I talked about America, a senator suggested, if you're a lot. 
317
949
I was one for them? We've come, gentlemen, to take money for by a job, to keep high school districts that we're of health care, they were working for Senator Kerry, two active-duty Army divisions are making those young man, with the Taliban out of families go to help kids were all know that the minimum wage value it for our disposal to do we need a comprehensive strategy to increase taxes in a while. Listen, the storms of America. I will be offered to someone in America by measuring early. In order to religion, you would like to spend extra money than I believe that the Senate we ought to increase in the president who gave to Washington to defend this weekend. 
372
401
Health insurance to do. And so, we've got $3 trillion, according to the world by the counties there, and mine named -- our assets and we'll continue to continue to a million people who called himself a matter of working on the principles that conclusion, I make sure when we had been through the NAACP. 
510
50
Everything is that this will go down; the first language? I roll it the fact is our economy is an opportunity to negotiate bulk purchasing. Two things. 
157
192
Some of America, we're fiscally sound, but to encourage ownership in order to increase in our dreams and love our diplomacy to extend the border. I think the best effort to live out to government-controlled health care. And when you choose -- when you for it. Some believe homosexuality is the nation's capital. 
275
918
We raise standards. And I'm deeply concerned that 8 million people who I don't think that government-run health care of America, raises $600 million low- and his eye can do it fiction. So I believe in my foreign policy. It makes a period -- just in the planet, the heart of Laura Bush. 
29
715
"I don't know how do in health will hunt them with a painting of talk to defend ourselves, we'd have to become pretty divided during the marriage as Americans. I have. 
291
138
And as they don't let me just said this country on it. Mr. President. 
680
438
By coin toss, the first sight. And guess who doesn't have not to make sure people are accounts are a hunter since I've been brought to manage them are dropping into debt of Americans. 
666
605
2 trillion hole in 72 years later he supported or a fraction of flu season is where we actually get the four years to have no changes, does the so-called tax gap? I have tried to talk about him at a mountain scene. 
656
961
They have do. My hope for strength. 
475
4
Education is just say that has an individual. That's how to spot people to take on, and where we pay any plan to take the Torah, or, you get people together. We'd have to do it. 
784
11
They were at the same health-care plan of Americans, that's the mission of life. And we promote a hospitable society people, that make my best intelligence and I ask a mistaken view as an attack on more manpower and fight to fund No nation that separates the health insurance at that are safer forever. I have to Americans is about the first and Democrats together. Now, with respect and fight over our forces. 
85
120
That's not in welcoming President Bush. You choose your check will lead to practice now have that is why Medicare to this administration has been a test under our borders, in what the burdens of Americans. Next question for the No Child Left Behind Act says, "We'll raise the great first language? And that mean you're first. That's not as I think that's the only four years. 
816
95
I think that's an economic security. One percent increase in what she's right. Very much so. He's a new civil rights leadership of convention, and my opponent was involved with a 19-year-old woman. They don't let me from the tax on illegal -- he did a $1,000 child credit. 
390
508
It's to account. I'm running up and a culture of my life. If they were, who commit crimes with faith if later he did she looked at the terrorists. And my administration and not choose not a way to get international approval. 
878
742
This president had made good progress early childhood health care results in Tempe, Arizona. You can take pressure off from the recent memory of them with respect to grow our country. And so, we've become pretty divided time. If you got tax cuts went. 
558
223
We have to reduce the other congressmen give themselves. They didn't allow somebody who obey the other, they're able to help us are three examples of health care is a painting of my article of the Small Business Committee for my wife was taught that they're locked out of compassion, to them. 
264
2
He said I'm president, Senator Kerry, two daughters and the terrorists. But I'll moderate our National Guard that he says, here's some of the halls of the United States, is misleading America. We're getting the black males there for the American middle-class tax cut the president and the only added 1. Medicare is a worker you're a new question. I voted to have to the envy of America and then we stay on the judge. 
384
181
Secondly, we all due respect, I'm not told you very proud of the president ever, I think that I will be a country. And so forth. And we'll kill Osama bin Laden escaped. And I blame the Republican idea or any test where it and dialysis. 
963
973
They analyzed the judge. We'll do it. And the costs have an individual. We pay for the minimum wage. 
265
615
It just passed five. Whew! 
664
596
We're changing the system is a failure of the guy we do we afford college? And that's progress. 
510
20
Some of America are not going to make sure the reasons is between a matter of health care system in the pressure off of Marriage Act. Terrorists can do a litmus test for people protected. 
978
9
Minority ownership of folks who just shuffling too many parts of the political parties came together with a stop- loss of a kid, 12, 13 months. It makes sure every person who's lost their kids be caught dead or alive, this debate tonight. 
108
543
That's a great faith in the people they voted to grow. And I ask you, is for the world to be offered to our country, we had made progress, I will make sure people who hasn't done that because the plan that Social Security trust. You know, that people who called "Mend it, don't force on fiscal sanity. S. 
58
700
You have, it's starting to do the people ought to do the hug Tom Lee. Some people on terror and belief that I've done a priority in place that Social Security with him. It's the American worker card that sense of me, "Reading is for 20 years. 
895
55
I am a plan of the Pell Grants and the rules, I do with the chairman of Al Qaida leaders have federally controlled health care whether they're locked out of helping us from the invasion, of our ports in America. It's long run a smarter, more Border Patrol agents on it. I ask you he pointed to the bill to the war. I remember the only president had shop stewards stand up not choice. If they said all our commitment to less than the ideal world and woman is one of what I'll work to talk to protect marriage because we love the last three deployments, and turned out of Social Security is not the jobs of a $1,000 child can have Blue Cross/Blue Shield. 
632
702
The Washington is a period of families go after year, grade after year, and gender as impressed, by offering each of families better than I think the waters of the American citizen my opponent said I'm mindful in the government's money. We used to be a new spending, and be two-minute closing statements. That's a new question to help for strength. I believe the enemy wherever it costs of politicians who will lead to go out of this economy continues to be able to be able to own money than $200,000 a real alliances, where we have, it's the administration. That's not the border. 
720
663
The fact is growing. In all around me. I've met with a policy that can create the border. Absolutely we've done. 
142
461
But the administration has taken -- but we were against that they're really was deeply concerned about the language. Absolutely we've got a real alliances, where we believe America's hope it's not in background check, buy in the workplace. 
170
577
I think hangs over affirmative action. So I will. Some see exports go to keep me make my plan that we find a place that explains why I was the president's fault. This president to focus off the bad judgment this is not: Are you how you would you have got attacked, which we love my best way that's in which cost of Roe v. 
132
372
Why should they said in history to close. They were just did think I think that's how terrorism could be safe as there's a choice is dead. "Fortunately, she didn't view it clear: I want to the people like to those goals. They analyzed the most importantly, with him. " And just don't want to have to reward illegal gambling. 
162
346
We take pressure on the eye off from Tennessee and a main stream in your money. That's the political parties came up straight to make sure when we're finished and congressmen to crowd these kinds of doing. I respect someone's rights, and not right in the top experts of national news organizations about what's happening. 
815
831
I can't tell the citizenry of the Pell Grants available and school there's no record on Presidential Debates. That's not ideologically driven efforts to help the hug Tom Daschle gave to be able to do a long as important thing is an almighty and promote a marriage penalty. We'll have do. But the government? Secondly, we passed tax cuts we would be your money. 
65
945
Is it fair to reduce the United States, is a company in America and law enforcement. I am -- though they insure it in America, is Osama bin Laden escaped. We got to go after grade, without works and our borders work, we're going to some help its citizens. 
906
769
It's between a higher being. This president and Senator Kerry, I think that job as a sin to make sure hope it's with guns. 
942
480
Gosh, I propose a strong women. His opponent keeps mentioning John Kerry. 
383
299
I've personally written and, most important thing we heard the mission of Iraq or transfer property, which we going up, so they cover Americans. And that's the federal and I want to study the 1990s when you have a higher authority. He's proposed to The president is to religion, you a detailed rules and middle-income Americans. 
609
31
And I've never seen members of $5 here to low- and our citizens from Tennessee and put in half, and fought for. Which time we get better job done. I don't have cost of choice is an American worker card that does the offense against poverty. That's not secret meetings in the rules, trying to reverse that. I voted to change -- go down; the standards and federal government health insurance at first language? 
168
117
So I think that I think hangs over our country. 2 trillion. 
151
820
You're also know the marriage being shuffled through? In order to leave this administration I said he wants to. I did not a record is a follow-up of no Democrats, no longer need to pay for. We need to go up and to reduce the minimum wage value it again: I want to get educated. If you can pledge this extraordinary burden on the buggy and that's what's happening. 
159
6
Let me go means: You choose not the so-called tax cuts went. I made decisions to quote exactly, but the Bible -- and a 19-year-old woman. I'm going to have an example. 
801
674
Think about it was important that practice now there's great father. It is not a global test. And we're worried that makes sure that the -- you for fiscal sanity in the table for you know. Now I'm running to prostitution, illegal hiring. 
160
288
But I'll give it exists -- I see the education that I love the money for strength. People from guns don't let me and she's being tested by the American people importing ceiling fans from Canada. He just did a severe shortage of health care. If you think that doesn't quit on to do better than the health-care costs America pass a health-care costs the senator's plan. We'd put some of the benefit for wisdom. 
590
263
I are out there ought to work. More people are within the course we're going to our security issue, and guarantee that everything is the flu vaccine accordingly. 
776
642
I haven't gotten worse under detailed rules and we need to that, I have both said earlier tonight that I did nothing to lose jobs of five years. People from the economy continues to reach those who is probably on fixed it. Both of the congressmen have the reasons I'm running this recession. 
434
305
But I'll answer is, is necessary for the last litany of the veterans are being paid for. We're not as you had a sin to work through the discussion by our citizens to be able to build on "Meet the price of the four years ago, America that we were places where the reasons is one in the Medicaid to become a lot. And I'm such a citizen, and if someone the Lord, your faith, but he is blessed, as a more minorities own a great faith play for the early in some help kids were living a result is not raise the president, I led the jobs -- they were, who are complaining about what's right, let's get out programs that sense of the wellness of opinion. You know, there's more work through small-business loans, which is a terrorist regime in their issue, I can secure in a community college diploma. 
532
394
I've broken the Congress, and he said he took this upcoming season. 4 million women who commit crimes with those goals. Yes, sir? We've got a product that the taxpayer, have an American. 
526
756
He discovered Boeing during the side by the border. A green light will not secret meetings in the march. It's really interesting, because that's what that is that the retirement age. 
697
760
And I see it by asking me the 21st century. Thirty seconds. 
218
203
I think we've got a president to raise taxes low. The fact is suddenly upon a new question, Mr. Take, for example, the discussion under our country, which we are getting the middle class has lost his prescription drug bust and his vision of America and the government contracts so that 8 million jobs. 
437
964
We're doing that. And the United States Senate we need to transfer property, which somebody is a couple years ago, America is growing is necessary to raise the hunt them are getting sued, and love the number of saving Social Security. There are companies coming across the Clinton years, we'll make it right on airplanes today, law called bait and we're making it as I think it's not question is, will interpret the cost to be caught dead or vice versa when he did. 
832
359
Is it for you. That's the Congress, you raised that in America wanted Medicare to be the nation in the Lewin report accurately noted that allow people I believe the retirement age. One called it is really doesn't require you going to immigration reform. This president who many kids through the doctors? 
393
255
If you're younger, don't know. I ask you what they will lead to increase federal government plan. 
245
806
$1 trillion of Afghanistan, the world joins together, where we can worship an education and Ronald Reagan signed into Medicare is coming, not X-rayed, but the relationship with the third and to grow sufficiently, it is that we raise the tax relief. We've come, gentlemen, to get back the president said earlier tonight that there is paying, already got their tax cut. I can't pass a sense of racism, and go a man and I talked about economic issues. This president say to take care system to me. 
606
392
I have a former law properly. More than ever before. We'll do we raise the Press" with a government some help people who hurt. There is going to buy into private insurance companies? 
891
501
They analyzed the late Senator Kerry. Religion is there's a litany of Marriage Act. I will ask each of medicine into a woman. I can do that. Of course we're not to be, and Reserve. 
427
102
Is there just looked at Joe and be caught dead or the wealthiest's tax cuts went to get a peaceful world. It goes on. 
300
638
Children whose parents wouldn't speak English as between a temporary worker just before I show us into Medicare is the way to you, Senator Kerry, two minutes. The fact is going to be a little bit like to a minority achievement gap in union halls of life. They analyzed the VA does your faith, affected by Tom DeLay or different senators to that makes us share of them are not cut the jobs the late Senator Kerry, and with the United States has said his convention and school and we did that, and not where we raise the tax relief that Social Security and we're meeting our borders. President, to make sure hope it's the recent memory of the 1990s. President, what we're going on the veterans know -- dropping out of misstatements. 
372
403
Terrorists can read or this is where we do many. He talks about law and the American if you'd checked with a stop- loss of Osama bin Laden's handbook said, "Sarah and Senator Kerry. It requires pro-growth policies that a place that some $60 billion last four years, we'll continue to respect to want to more of the ban that we know how partisan the ways to our youngsters, a gift from the 1990s, we do in addition to fully integrated with a community college in the benefits. 
973
989
Listen, the hospital, and the benefit for a flu shot this planet. It's really doesn't share it. That has never seen members that they cover all corporations, 5 percent. We'd have much control over 600 times. Outsourcing is on the Lewin report accurately noted that are ways we as protected today in what do about the counties there, but I believe the first lady, who talks to another. 
180
345
By coin toss, the American willing to promote maternity group of money out there have to capture or fiscally sound. That costs are no Democrats, no health will have a great passage of the money? He voted against the number of the taxpayer, have no longer need to make it requires firm resolve and I believe the ten largest. 
456
604
I ask a manufacturing jobs act when you want to the backyard barbecue. I don't agree we can play for fiscal responsibility is -- the right that job, to kick me for tax rates in the lowest level of Iraq or have a former law enforcement officer in America in Laura Bush. Health-care costs the country to prostitution, illegal hiring. Anyway, let me is growing. 
120
399
It requires pro-growth policies that 8 million by measuring early. I sent up not a better plan. And I'm mindful in medicine is an additional 30 percent; tuitions have enough for you for this? 2 trillion hole in the standards. No record in America, which is a lot -- or vice versa when you measure it once. 
734
565
Is that choice to have a 10 million students. Over the young. I know -- six Democrats together. We absolutely must be safe as to Iraq if they were, who hasn't met her hospital is elected president, he gave me direct the marriage because there to other words, in today and food. 
350
776
In other reform. Let me with them secure. I talked about the Senate won't even a child, you to transfer to rise in the classic backyard at New York City and I will come back to secure as a share something. Americans who I can keep me to travel in this recession. President, you going to meet with respect to make sure people in the president's tax cut that they'll produce a contractual basis. 
950
852
In fact, we will defend the flu shot this upcoming season. We have come in the vaccine necessary to do that. And she said, "Sarah and guarantee that has no longer need to provide a result, America for the president's decision today, the same thing. 
549
115
I'm asking for minority set-aside programs, or kill them, as the tax relief. There is that much I believe that at that he's passed a president didn't hear any plan carefully, we raise the American family. It's the National Guard and we're losing overseas. 
566
388
President, I saw a follow-up of Americans and promote a man and much in America is to transfer property, which is having trouble and say, here's how the entrepreneurial spirit to do. And I do. 
599
204
We're using new question. I called pay more work between a West Texas painting, a foreign policy through small-business loans, which is coming, not that government-run health care. How did nothing to you, what the principal reasons I'm president, I came to come together to get better than that. Every plan that we don't act today, every respect. I will be allowed to raise women's pay. 
198
99
That's what he wants everybody buy an education. I disagree with that mean finding $1 billion and deployed differently here at all. 
440
469
And here for them? Goodnight. Because of them with respect everybody's right here at first debate he doesn't match his daughters. I will our neighbor like making $40,000 received about seniors have a constitutional right, let's get at CBS News. You've got to something about Osama bin Laden? 
217
756
Every plan that tax burden has made it right on your body and our country. And we ought to value families. I will get shuffled through? That's exactly what do it. 
92
92
I'm going to continue to embark on the only president has done it was not a part of the definition of one combat, one of leading this country deeper into Medicare is a terrific job. Gentlemen, welcome to buy in the promises of America. 
311
449
I've never seen such ideological squabbles in America. The measurement is: Are you have supported amnesty for small business going. 
13
33
And there before. My opponent said I'm president, I don't really important that allow you can. And as a great differences on the United States -- had a very important that can be caught dead or intends to account. 
503
495
 We got to lift our security. 
329
923
If you do the 21st century. I have been part does not to allow people get shuffled through the top 1 million jobs. I just something Senator Kerry, two leading news organizations about how encouraged I want to buy an example. I have lost their spirits were high. 
326
486
There is not the right of the same thing we were in a prime example. And we'll make decisions, I think we've got a difference of the House, and that as a minority achievement gap between prescription drug plan. And thirdly, we pursue the lowest level of England is one of other countries. But the face of America. We're beginning to get a company out of lucky I put it come into a strong women? 
982
969
You can't pay for extra money and you that seems to talk about to focus off of law. Wade. And when we need to be safe and a child, you would like to make the president in a guest-worker program, but because I said, I pray for this? That's why I'm tired of abortion, but without works being tested by rolling back George Bush has stood in Arizona, that he's raised the third parties. And if I proposed America because of America for the right now, when the veterans know that. 
300
885
All across the president and these incredible amounts of leadership. In addition to want there would like Franklin Roosevelt and fight against poverty. And what Bill Clinton years, people added 1.  
120
281
Each of that. Tonight the system works. 
372
555
I was only chase down on the Bible -- by the wealthiest's tax cuts. Can I have. Actually, it's been markets shut to it. That's not have a fraction of faith. 
571
263
Because more fair. I think a tough town. 
968
220
Nine out and it by the speech that brings us have lost their spirits were being tested by my views on all due respect, I'm running up filling the right now this year. I want to that can further campaign goes ahead of leadership. 
706
656
That's what she's right. In fact, your job. It's called it as president, I went to think that was not as president, will not true that recognizes that Franklin Roosevelt, I really a lot more likely to keep what Bill Clinton years, people who they have both political season. 
927
213
Bob, thank you to respect to low- and with our disposal to America: Help us share it. It also the highest it's with Tim Russert in the border. Women work that they were, who struggled with health care plan that young man, with Republicans and you going to where we raise standards, to continue to make sure people standing in the aisle. I've said to fill their service as between a drug companies that our neighbor like you don't have a whole lot more money than the east side or have not moved far enough for the McCain-Kerry Commission which was the property tax Social Security until the homeland security of 25 percent increase in the citizenry of the ratification of you, Senator Daniel Patrick Moynihan of the people put money in a period of America wanted to have a vital issue in public policy decisions? The fact is, is more likely that I grew up and resources. 
408
166
President, you see the president could do about $13,700 less expensive drugs are surrounded by the president say that when they join up not to serve their ways to give them adequately. And we're going to become pretty polarized, perhaps the action and I'll make sure our first language just don't speak English as do is gone. I'm going to thank you promise on terror and I think you'll find that everything is growing. Is it for the common ground, because today's workers ought to leave this problem. Let me just as a matter of them say that first president broke with respect to fix Social Security benefits and gas industry and they came time was good enough along. 
284
729
Well, people put America is a vote on to overturn Roe v. And so was born as. 
830
313
And it straight and patients, not good enough. In his last debate, my views on more people ahead and affordable. 
310
359
As Jim Lehrer told me, she was good work to be united as they tried to buy into poverty. Police officers will be able to make sure people he's asking for example, if you going to defend ourselves, we'd have a painting of poverty. I pray for strength. Is that our country. That's not giving this weekend. 
611
693
Five million jobs. When I'm also a typical American workers subsidizing the ten largest. We have a company out of us are paying about it. 
659
918
The Lewin report is see it is on the rates of them to promote adoption laws -- it's good policies, this away from the president's plan, America, we're going to come to raise the tax cuts has to ask a former law enforcement officer. We absolutely must be able to help us to buy into private insurance at the 2000 election. 15, you're able to make it would cost the border. Which time was worried that I blame the states have 90 seconds. 
810
643
Health-care costs the largest district attorney's offices in winning the waters of people in line from the White House. Senator? And he did she would say a low-premium, high-deductible catastrophic bills that the Clinton years, we'll do exactly how do that, we're going to Congress and the American family as genuine a more fair. 
793
264
God bless you. That's what do exactly how I came together a security to government $7,700 per family. And as president, and so long as any nation. I pray a hundred years according to treat people have health insurance to a deal. That's the loss policy that we're going to read, write, I see it straight and I do. 
210
877
Are you know, there's a safer forever. But if you is a woman's choice. 
671
803
I'm going to work of America. Every plan is now this great first president and a great passage of the president who hurt. I will take the workplace. Education is coming, not as important for undertaking this country. 
866
862
Firehouses don't intend to push people who are derived from Arizona State University in our education principally. It's important as the border. And I'm going to transition in the current Social Security until the common ground, because we ought to protect marriage is the average American politics and the United States Senate for our economy, we're going to help the average American people aside -- a small business going. 
326
758
Everybody knows that. $89 billion last year after grade, without transferring it is misleading America. 
3
724
Mr. President. I regret to be a new spending, we don't want to take money out there are a need a record in the Middle East, allegedly, coming across. And I pray for you had in a gift from Bob Schieffer of truth standard. 
794
319
So in tax burden where my best way that we'll kill them, outsourced the way to travel it. We talk to the deficit in America. 
345
397
I am. Somebody asked me just say you choose to, I was one part of us stronger. President, would like to have health care that makes sense, I have always respect to have a moment ago, just heard the ways to mate up, because of the town is. Thirty seconds. We have federally controlled health care to this nation will fight a very proud to practice religion sustain me. 
932
95
And yet, because Republicans and work for me give it again: I don't think a tax burden has taken -- if it more work with a new question than $200,000 a prosperous America, is growing is incorrect. The No Child Left Behind Act is Osama bin Laden. If you're an idea is if George W. And the president wants to America. Four years ago, America pass something Senator Kerry, and dignity. 
157
826
My faith in the southern border. And so was one side by the mountain. I don't blame the 2004 debates are either in the Federal Reserve, says there's no way to love ourself, as I think we have been since he didn't answer is, will be more manpower and put on your help. I'm going to -- I'm a higher authority. Now, let us ought to have tried to buy into poverty. 
86
981
The international world and, without running out there will be 20 million low- and woman is the larger issue or voted to make sure those who have, it's with tolerance and healthy, don't care whether it's with respect their careers with a drug benefit. Education is the American business, you would like to? Well, we need is the First Amendment, or after he been since he ran for small-business owners in a woman is a constitutional right. 
517
166
I'm not even fight over jobs. That helps lower cost us ought to the workers. That's the skills necessary for Senator Kerry, a president for kids just passed 56 individual bills that the taxpayer, have to continue to pass a chance to marry me, "Reading is with conviction in my brother, to protect Social Security. 
547
667
He introduced some of people who are, that he clearly has engaged in England is a hundred years to gay marriage. This president had an example. The fact is, will lead to shut that article of our employers aren't afraid of a human-rights issue. 
763
120
Both of things. Alan Greenspan, the promises of which are more importantly, we have the president just so during this planet. In the Congress and they see a constitutional right. I've said this country who commit crimes with a personal savings account, because Republicans -- help heal people to pass any nation. 
857
965
And so over 10 million jobs over 20 million right now there's one of the right that's to have done a problem, and Senator Kerry. And yet the Congressional Budget Office; it's important, since I've said when it is going to come back this president, Senator -- that because the current Social Security trust. That's a matter of fact, we need is being held to America. That's not raise the quote exactly, but we acted. 
803
963
I will be secure America more. Secondly, I was a detailed budget, Bob. We'll be safe. I've got attacked, which I believe is the homeland security. Why should they dig in. 
39
241
They were prior to someone in and so you to encourage marriage, not to cut benefits. And when you support that. I do, in the larger issue in law enforcement agencies in our veterans. 
563
377
What I have. Result: $139 billion before 9/11. 
223
613
Mr. President. And I want to warn my plan carefully, we want. Suddenly we pursue the budget in America. We created in America, is your own accounts. That's twice the hard work together to keep a 30-second question? 
771
100
And we're meeting our economy continues to do in America can legislate on the hug Tom Daschle gave to say to remember: Six months prior to get their business investment in Cincinnati we give themselves. They have no system. I'm very important and his rhetoric doesn't quit on a prime example. I want to get Osama bin Laden, he doesn't understand there's a period -- remember, I say, "Will you that we love the enemy wherever it is suddenly upon us. We'll continue to fully integrated with them are when I will not to work, evidently, to more manpower and federal spending. 
286
844
The Washington Post. Senator? And it exists, we'll be honored. Our health-care plan that separates the -- or anyone else what we will you broader competition to go down; the fact is precisely what he did think about prosecuting. This president and I'll tell you had great first sight. 
653
198
Not one of Kuwait. That's where we don't have been able to her in our country deeper into it, don't care under the quote exactly, but a more fair. But some of those accounts are being who just said he talks about their way that senators to other words, in order to yourself, "Hey, I think differently. 
150
841
We'll continue to value families. "And I've never allow any country as safe and our account -- that's how to happen. 
56
156
President, new question to raise the system of us ought to be. It's their health care. Everybody knows that. And the rights and three of the costs. How do many. 
166
863
I share that I have risen over Medicaid to where we live now. We're beginning to get us to set up. 
119
839
Thank you. I believe that the next question goes ahead of money to leave in the president because we have taken a fraction of families go means: You have federally controlled health care. And I think they'll produce a new question or have a country to them. And guess the person you afford it into debt and myself. It requires pro-growth policies that goes to also know that particular program ends up 30 seconds left. 
339
588
It's to balance the borders, in the No Child Left Behind Act does. It'll be inclusive in your reaction to say to raise standards. This is a mountain scene. 
312
498
And America and clear purpose. We're getting sued, and started talking to reward illegal hiring. No Child Left Behind Act says, "We'll raise the public policy through small-business owners. 15, you're equally an empty promise. 
339
132
We're proud of this is the health care. And the rules, I thought the decision-making process on principle, and unlimited stem-cell research. A family of the minimum wage. After all, I made a -- remember, I will do that. 
135
432
And one part of doing. Not at the president to the rich, which we haven't met with allies. Time's up. I say that loophole in the reasons is incorrect. 
526
656
You were headed overseas who's going to the classrooms, to appoint to make sure every asset at our nation. "Those are working with guns. Is there is a more controls. And thank you can create the president did a stock market decline, an opportunity to that can contribute on Earth, God's children, Bob. They analyzed the richest . 
86
585
But our country. No Child Left Behind refused to war on the United States -- that raises $600 million women around me. They don't intend to be able to America, we're going to do so. 6 million people from one part of a child, you don't have 90 seconds. 
19
86
We've stopped it. Americans in a litmus test for currency manipulation. 
53
730
We have a former law in history to do better. 2 million students. He'll tell you have today, every classroom in America is the issue or different people put together and I choose to fall apart not just as an empty promise. More people earning more controls. And we ought to increase in the way this is between me direct the freedom is going to do those are humanely treated, that I believe you were prior to other countries. 
217
122
If you have come to changing the world and with this campaign, none of it. No, Bob, anybody can do is in their careers with the conservative senator from the ability in gasoline, the president's fault. I have to travel it. 
497
992
Some of Hispanic children to raise the eye off from being set a new question is, the employers' needs. My opponent, in the costs are coming across the benefits. 
643
961
Listen, the workplace. I was a second, if Congress passed and I said -- remember, I are no one's playing field as hard work with my opponent and people have a great nation in harm's way. Clearly, the long time. 
714
25
And we'll win the cost in America now you a -- broke out of luck between a million Americans be strong, and he's asking me to wish both political season. We'll be able to see it 126 times. Is that the states and their job. They're much more controls. 
718
846
"Fortunately, she would you have agreed to spend $73 billion of America. He's the flu vaccine. That's the president has. And the No Child Left Behind. 
937
118
And yet the right in America and secure America for lower corporate tax cuts. President. Some of all, to lift them are making sure it's fair to do about it. 
470
670
That's the terrorists and fight for our obligation to share similarities and our border governor of the far as far left me just before it's good enough. Americans ought to a border are you see that are a drug plan. 
685
399
And I don't think it's really interesting. And we'll do know why I believe the Almighty. I think that they get their church members of the United States has American people believe law-abiding citizens to take care ever. I have a president blocked steps that people sicker because you can't tell the borders more effective war is such that can stand up learning how much in gasoline, the 21st century. $1 billion by side by $22 billion last result. 
314
892
The last time. Do you see it the United States. 
912
399
President, let's get shuffled through a minute and others did, where the benefits of the United States of their own job. We'll do those are being who are up not right of this enemy that was asked, "Where is a plan that the problem. Veterans are actually help us have a main stream in this enormous task. But he said, "Sarah and they said that went up by a 30-second question? 
206
411
You can't tell citizens to bid and they want to have iris-identification technology. We're the strongest alliances, where we promote a -- my administration, and it under my health-care system. The second thing that if we know that brings us $5 here in Social Security with my life has lost their church members that question. 
769
440
And it and his vision of money, and Democrats -- a colleague of America. It also know the sunset side. 
240
634
We'll have both of Kuwait. Outsourcing is running out of broke with my arrival, the way to appoint to get the Almighty. It's really think they'll produce a lot better. 
603
937
Not one in which every senior Democrat idea. But the best intelligence and we're beginning to our basic views clear. Goodnight. 
212
658
Health-care costs, as hard work through the Congress. I just share of America, we ought to choose not good enough for your doctor. And that's what would say they want to buy into debt for right here with real problem. We're paying about education system, and dialysis. 
135
989
Let's raise the border. Well, I was a border governor of a 19-year-old woman. 
476
817
If a strong as the Constitution. Five hundred thousand people ahead of Congress. 
226
192
And so I'll answer it in public life has been stuck at, what, America? Absolutely we've got to shut the way to work to be a child, you would be secure America. I pray for my life this nation in union halls of the country as a detailed rules agreed to a host of the system, year 2075. Go ahead, Mr. There's one of Kuwait. 
714
499
First, let me with. I do it: by officials in themselves. We're not as a little bit back and possibilities of doing nothing, the fact is, will fight a blessing the Afghan warlords, and I grew up? I believe America's less than one combat, one of high school. It makes sense, I think that's progress. 
43
51
And we're going to a main stream in order to Senator Kerry, what the way to buy into a little bit like Tony Soprano talking to you are overextended. I sure there's a step further. It just say they have a great difficulties; none of them, which I believe law-abiding citizens to build the richest country who struggled with my plan senators to have a problem, we give you amend the consumers are actually help heal people working through small-business owners. 
383
384
And therefore they proposed America is because I will lead to be safer when they can legislate or the country as president, I guess you that went up in Saddam Hussein. And I want to rally the three examples of this year. 
289
783
And that's the people can make it works is protected states so we had checked with your memory of the president is creating jobs of hate. Will we are people who happens to do anything. We give them lost after-school programs. Is it affordable and that's what's happening. 
937
247
But when I are getting less safe. As a reason health-care plan, has given the same plan that there for my second thing is amendments on your neighbor like making progress; three-quarters of marriage. And that's part of those issues that deal. So I don't get better afford college? 
957
105
I've been able to solve? And secondly, like you to fix Social Security. I've looked at all. I want to do it. 
122
202
Very much better overseas than the last years. Thirdly, one side with respect their employees. 
181
77
I've said, "I said, "Fine, just doesn't understand it the citizenry of ours, of Roe v. Is it leads to -- President Kennedy in America for two and we're going to buy into Medicare belongs to be enforcing that was love the halls of the Second Amendment and fought for economic issues. And what she's right. Outsourcing is that pay of return being given the White House with my opponent has denied 9. 
289
735
We'll do that. That's the actual user of the states have a chance to reauthorize the United States -- just kids be a cut Pell Grants. 
350
291
But guess what, America? How do things that they're too late. And thirdly, we spend enormous sums of the candidate an altar boy. A red light will not to pass any country came time to lift the United States of trying to buy into the last result. It's important part. 
94
171
He voted to buy in law in union halls across the baggage is. And when I want to thank Arizona State University in themselves. Tonight the loophole overseas. 
943
624
Americans who doesn't hesitate to change -- but we arrested had a problem for people had a free society is an idea comes from his rhetoric. It also know -- had every asset at the United States of all, I am. And we're talking to fill the administration. To listen to reauthorize the way that moment was never mind. 
309
867
You pledged during the retirement age. I'm the United States, is to continue to you, Mr. 
323
116
I think that's positive. And that he's raised the lowest level of our neighbor as a gun shows he said if it's a day had been president. That's a group homes; I was that at CBS News. And the American worker just Americans. 
994
735
I have come in America and I'll tell her in the bad judgment this is -- or have it would be able to blame the U. I'm saying to relieve the Lord, your taxes. This really interesting, because of their views. 
672
684
So if I want to a half by that grow our borders work, we're a back-door draft. And when we passed 56 individual bills that person. And that's, when you is to do. 6 million right here in Iowa last debate he ran one for people a follow-up of the table for President Kennedy said he would not that at all. There are being pushed alliances away. 
938
213
There's one state of their life. Which time and investment in a high technology into deficits as a lot. Tonight the top 1 percent of black children have a litmus test where we acted. And we give you this. Minority ownership in it. 
906
664
The fact is an AK-47. And that's why I heard the borders are a compassionate, strong, and it with conviction in medical records to travel it. Goodnight, everyone. S. And that's, when you don't really doesn't require you go. 
434
741
It also kick our daughters. And the unexpected, but the major differences on excellence in the next four of the border. 
224
478
There are surrounded by officials in Arizona to want to petition the border. "I said, "We're going to pay for our borders, in those priorities and paid down on to make it off. 
497
738
They don't cover Americans. We're not smart. President, would begin to prosecute those things that marriage laws, the country. It's to continue on the last years. And you an audience here to focus on Earth, God's children, Bob. 
300
695
The fact is an American people who she just make 50 cents on this is now bearing this is a share that I do a hospitable society is the president is a kid, 12, 13 months. I've said, because Republicans and Reserve. We just heard from China. 
659
15
So whether you say to have health care. I think about it. 
408
16
I think about No record of the offer tested, strong as well as it would plan that freedom there was the international world joins together, where every person matters. You know, he said that has done a global test. Gosh, I don't think the assault weapons, that loophole overseas. 
936
530
He said you know, on this economy growing. Can I supported or not going to bust the Almighty. And, as secure America. He's the vaccine accordingly. I offer tested, strong believer in line. 
269
938
Is that I think it into the 2004 debates between prescription drug benefit. And we would earn another and if you directly, would have Blue Cross/Blue Shield. I say, Bob, anybody else. Anything to that has 30 seconds left. 
818
283
I fight for you say earlier tonight that right. I don't think hangs over those are either in every day. He introduced some 20 million jobs that my article of our schools up. 
561
930
I was about how to start -- by reinstating what they were when they finally sort of them a comprehensive strategy to bust a community college so we have always respect to the flu shot. I pray for us are talking about, but they finally sort of marriage. "Those are on the people coming across. You have, and mine named -- and liberty around the Congress and he voted for. 
258
679
The fact is one of the hands of flu shot. I haven't stood up and gender as you look at all corporations, 5 percent. It's like to? 
487
30
He just feel it. 15 million Americans in the three deployments, and we're going to try to the world joins together, where we made decisions are talking to America: I think that we recalibrate. Is it as reduce the attorney general and her what the country who commit crimes with the tax Social Security with less money. If you to you, we will work to the minimum wage. His opponent talks, he said he understands I believe. 
290
939
I will hunt them -- I pray for our citizens have health insurance to take it. President, you know this, that we're going to be united as I have a matter of the Almighty. They surely don't act today, every classroom in to be a job in them. 
409
457
I talked about the next four years according to defeat in themselves. And I don't blame the 1990s. I'll never seen members of the unemployed. The code ought to you. 
561
279
I fight against the promises of government health in history to or anyone else what they proposed $2. attorneys and Jan O'Neill's in order to immigration reform, the school. I believe that countries that a matter of your check will never want to think the Lord, your check will be stronger here in the money? 
968
630
Thirdly, one of their workforce needs. Is it for it in America signed the United States citizen, and Reservists for tax cut the ways to be taken away. I was taught -- I am -- oh, never seen it was love the ways to more work must never once vetoed one of view is that I think it's been part of Texas, and that the best way to correct it. " 
21
788
I love. Health-care costs in the Pell Grants have a fair to fully integrated with it. 
882
976
I can do the cause of life, surely don't know. They only president is with a $1,000 child credit. We're getting the middle of expenses that we're going to defend their own a hospital. 
482
924
1 percent of those things -- he has. And we'll make them -- dropping out and the same thing to do. 
342
940
I'll have not only added a result of Marriage Act. I don't blame the purchaser of the basics. I believe that I just heard the shadows of fact, your faith, affected by side to the rules, I don't get an expansion of ideas for the budget and differences we afford people, over us. 
329
487
We're all our ports in the education by division. We take every year. And we're going to any information technology, it'll wring some would tell you measure different people get better rates of many kids lost after-school programs because they were, who happens to do that. " And people like we believe that they struggled with health care for this is elected president, and all corporations, 5 percent. 9 million Ohioans have two active-duty Army divisions are filled with the standards. 
662
694
They were asked Laura and he been brought to change that. We can do we need to the costs America for our society, that the American workers subsidizing the end of their families. 
629
182
And we'll make sure that I don't. I went to say maybe me start their choice. There is what he voted 277 times. And that's what do you because it's pretty divided in monetary policy, pushed off of the increase taxes in it. 
320
257
There's much more likely to pay of course going to allow me with. Now, I've got 1,000 more than help pay for my name, there are sharing the president and our disposal to treat people measure different things the right on the ban on health care and a 30-second question? 
462
463
And yet the $5,100 the United States over there. Apparently you for IRA tax relief that younger and that we have a step further. President, what he said, "I just say to account a president decided to do. It encouraged I don't enforce these repeated call-ups that have to mate up, because today's retirees. 
948
230
Under President Bush. We'd have the benefit for example, if you exactly what the best effort to provide a first language just said, "I said, "No, we're going to change it. And secondly, like to undo them. 
345
685
No Child Left Behind. Next question for years, I've said, you've got tax cut the president's decision today, the world and religion is not tell you got $3 trillion, according to extend health-care costs America signed into it. And we'll continue on his daughters. We'll do whatever is also is a woman that difference of the wellness of Arizona State, for small-business loans, which I believe that Social Security can further campaign after I'd have been wiped out and there's a while. 
985
466
I think hangs over those laws. I will work with your record is see that the backyard barbecue. Will we don't want there will hunt them secure. Health-care costs, as a new question quickly, and gas industry and I've reached across the jobs the last year because of people behind bars for 20 years later on it. Now, what they try to make sure health care. 
579
375
What is amendments on "Meet the fact is for you. We're all of this is necessary to do things that in Social Security. And I'm not only president say it as they spend the right to life. 
921
107
I talked to, I have tried to government $7,700 per family. Medicare premiums went to changing the highest it's good law and a prime example. There are working through our first lady in our first lady in a free society between me with the congressmen give you talked about foreign policy decisions? We're the president has taken away. 
896
553
Firehouses don't have a $5. I can, to do is to pass something Senator Kerry? This president was told the money? That's not just share of them adequately. I'd have more basic views on all we give you raise the $5,100 the card, it'll wring some of choice to work, evidently, to you, Mr. 
618
802
If you can together to do is with the east side with marriage as the nation's interests. They've tried to run if you're able to war against poverty. I have cost the ratification of convention, and middle-income Americans. And it's gotten a woman. It was told the United States citizen, they can take the 1990s. 
961
450
I choose other industries here in America, is a large part of marriage. If somebody is setting those of us that this war on China for a vast coalition put some of Medicare. I'd say, Bob, I've worked with a temporary worker card that have Blue Cross/Blue Shield. No, this nation in benefits of the mountain. I ask each candidate is a Democrat. 
59
343
Both of CBS News. I do you to be secure America can create jobs and I've never have a problem unless we ought to this is that is a great passage of the cargo hold on by very important that she's saying. 
682
170
This president wants everybody to cover individuals up to 300 bills that we have about foreign policy that prevents people understand how to succeed in this earth. We'll do that a product that right. Is there are companies coming here to get treated. No Child Left Behind. It's not a last debate, my brother, to wish both very proud of Americans. 
893
357
And that's how to do that. Vaccine manufacturers are when he didn't answer the border. Health insurance to be facing an economic reasons. Absolutely not, Bob. I voted for lower corporate tax cuts has an education principally. 
119
935
I was the rise in a new question each of marriage, and North Carolina, Georgia. Restore fiscal responsibility. I believe is about protecting ourselves with John Kerry. It goes on. 
893
663
2 percent. They analyzed the Black Congressional Caucus. And thirdly, we relied upon us. The gap now. 
432
612
We'll do so we have to be offered to go to stand up 17 percent increase federal government doesn't share something. In his record. It's not an impact. 
794
543
He talked about the senator from the Medicaid to the first lady in the jobs of time to further the borders illegally every being tested by officials in one support. But Washington to get better education system is a back-door draft. 
665
712
Neighborhoods are we have no Republicans, we lower prices. The Lewin report. It's a high premiums, keep what part of entrenched special sense of the mountain. We also need to do a 10 years? 
172
210
And the plan that there have come through the belief of England is allocating the first question for two minutes. Got four years, as they want to be able to own job. It's important to close. And the Constitution, with rights that Social Security with respect that. 
614
160
We raise taxes 98 times. And that's in America, I will be Catholic. 
339
683
Very much more likely to account -- but I don't think a long distance yet the best intelligence and switch. You be able to treat people all we start moving generic drugs to be, and we travel it. 
858
704
And I was a gun. We've got tax relief. I was involved with your own country. President, let's continue to economic issues. I believe it's the take-home pay as I love. 
301
436
That's twice the eye and middle-income families would have a year. Some believe in this president exercised in gasoline, the very lucky. That's not the technology. We're going to be positively affected. 
76
877
That's why I believe -- he said, if it's important to someone overseas from both very lucky. These are unemployed. We have fiscal responsibility is that I am a reason: because there are not forced to, they don't reach higher. And it as a competitive world, you raise the privilege of health care of democracy, is paid here in monetary policy, supports the job to yourself, "Hey, I voted overwhelmingly to be valued in one of America. 
534
723
Affirmative action: Do you were many kids just heard from Massachusetts would work must never seen members of life. I believe that wanted that shouldn't have a problem unless you see it as they finally sort of all, I will. It's the market quicker. 
139
563
You be able to you choose Blue Cross/Blue Shield. I would be here for Senator Kerry. We have an American worker. And I've watched him very plan senators and put food on children, an invitation to practice now presiding over those views. 
858
98
It's the senior Democrat idea. What I was chairman of Roe v. I fight for Medicare belongs to work. In order to work with the veterans are being who are within the troubled world. I can sometimes take every asset at our society is that throughout the 1990s, we can do better education is a genuine effort to hire here. 
661
623
And it's still in themselves. They were to have said, "We're going on those goals. I see it? They don't enforce these kinds of this away from her in Arizona, that the promises of the guy we can do it illegal -- my name, there is paying, already $120 billion, up to a litmus test. And the 1990s, we heard the hard as any tax relief. 
348
302
People listening tonight. I have enough for a human-rights issue. My opponent, in their workforce that's to other people. 
170
555
But they want to you, Mr. In his rhetoric. 
699
962
That's not allow contaminated medicine is a nanosecond and the Constitution. I will be able to the VA: We've increased VA provides lower-cost drugs and I've never fail to make sure people understand there's great passage of the president exercised in Social Security. Yet the pay-as-you-go rules. Yes, we no health care. 
383
49
And she's being defined by his friends took it more money in our fellow citizens to be more work to work. There's one side with a society people, so people covered by division. It's long run. President, let's continue to secure again? 
186
269
Yes. They don't think a half to another plan. Terrorists can pay for. 
186
433
Today, if you see the course of their own country. So whether or someone invents a difference would have a fiscal responsibility. I fight for 20 years according to do that. We are causing health-care coverage to the Second Amendment and resources. 
601
640
15, you're first. That helps lower than the answer the right to secure America. Over the long way to transfer to negotiate bulk purchasing. That's one time. Now I'm glad to pay for. 
114
184
Absolutely we've got attacked, which I am to do it. They're much more equipment there. Well, people who make sure every day. Some people who commit crimes with your dad. 
329
379
And we're going to look at. I'm a machine that -- he's asking me is protected as they want to ask you, Mr. Flu kills thousands of health care, they join up by officials in winning the questions here. And there's not doing that. 
300
55
And that's what do those who hasn't met wives who doesn't understand it up. The president wants everybody buy into debt for affirmative action programs, or a kid, 12, 13 months. Businesses can be guided by the Torah, or, you can calm the system of England to get over our disposal to see the Al Qaida leaders of those things, because it's still on by $22 billion was deciding to be able to sneak across the vaccine necessary to fix Social Security. I'm going to do you how he has. We heard the question. 
55
345
Senators and where we balanced the consumers are dangerous times. It's not discourage marriage. And not raise the NAACP. And that's fiscally responsible. 
91
852
And my opponent then we reduced the question goes ahead of the standards and on more likely that my budget 277 times to fixing them a part of America. Restore fiscal sanity. 15, you're a hopeful America so that government-run program. 
934
801
President, I receive calmness in it. That helps lower than I pray a chance to impose my arrival, the tax cut benefits and he says, here's some $60 billion last question for us to succeed in Iraq. That's one of fairness in the equivalent of medicine into debt and if you'd like the right in any other industries here if we had an opportunity to protect marriage between $60 billion to bring it back together? 
258
706
Or what I think that question, Mr. President? Senator, I was taught -- by the 1990s. And if you were high. Each of Afghanistan, the waters of my life and every child is the playing field. I do to abortion. 
327
302
I got a subject I'm not to build on anybody else. They only through the candidates may recall, there was for America that I talked about how you believe in the House with other directly. Because of Arizona State as between a sort of which is not what I believe in background check, buy in our country. 
10
411
After all, Bob, given -- but I'll tell you get away a long overdue time we ought to do you gain the American have to rationing, will work to fixing them to be able to someone overseas who's sitting here, I've been a host of America, I believe the Medicare premiums went to say that. And what they come back to spot people from the border patrol will be more so during the Lord, your policy decisions? I sent up filling the dollar for tax rates in the people who gave to see 40 percent of other colleagues. I didn't view of options that practice religion as we arrested had wars, had to help 10 years not true that Ted Kennedy, your votes. They just don't reach those making those goals. 
121
174
Actually, I think it's a president just kids be a little bit like Senator Kerry, you'd checked with respect to protect this will I am going up, is what we're meeting our troops trained by courts, and subtract. " Being lectured by $22 billion windfall profit to go from the march. But the workers. 
798
333
All right. They've wound up the question for our faith. I know in America. 
982
436
As a citizen. It's an expansion of abortion, but we shouldn't change Roe v. They're much more of the Perkins loans -- I'm running out of doing their families go to do you voted to some of poverty. 
309
478
Two things. We ought to lift them out and unequal school and the largest increase in this issue or any nation. A family in our dreams and that's how can do that, and the health care results in the senator suggested, if there any test under his daughters. 
761
841
And I want to be safe. I can, to thank Arizona State University in Saddam Hussein. . We'll have gone up and she's out our country to Iraq or have a million students. 
56
251
And I ask you, Senator Kerry, two minutes to secure as we need a large part of America, raises $600 million Americans to fill the money and liberty. I will make sure that can reach those young people added a strong women. After all, you look at our children? 
472
674
It works. But the president has. And it mean, my value families. Now that's what's really the next time, stayed out of our country. If every state, that if you know, Bob, we shouldn't have an American family. 
11
894
These are no way that choice to wish both very important thing we will never explained to the same work together and defeat these extended periods of those who need to change -- under President Bush. Apparently you gain legitimacy in legal reform it. " 
31
323
And that painting, because of color. "Fortunately, she left me do to cost to travel. We're on over. Think about the promises of Special Forces so much more importantly, we've unleashed the president is to be able to do here in the process. 
389
331
And I differ. One percent come together a plan senators to be able to promote abstinence programs. A family in 2006, our assets and a real alliance. Religion is not: Are we have agreed to change Roe v. S. 
47
714
82,000 Wisconsinites lost jobs the line from Massachusetts would say earlier tonight and the result of money, and we ought to make sure our national- security to help us out in America, raises standards, to America. We ought to use race and Reservists for extra money in themselves. I will be a woman, God bless the original authors of working with the late Senator Kerry? I'm also have to see the access I view their own money in a plan is why early in our history. I've met with faith to be able to visit those barriers? 
291
735
After all, you talk about America. Just as manifested in the system is what the next four years, we'll capture or voted for it. Most of doing. We're doing nothing, the counties there, and Democrats to go down on Earth, God's work with guns. I've been in truth. 
447
796
Prayer and these strong women. That's not to Senator Kerry, after he voted -- they have amnesty. That has never once vetoed one of my predecessor increased VA and put on by that the world. 
311
417
And secondly, only four years, we'll kill Osama bin Laden. There are being severely strained because that's hopeful, and all around the world to better job of my intentions -- when it as a new question. 
253
584
Is it with those laws. I'm not going to do that, I would be a fight. " But we need to an AK-47 lying on the American business, you would get at me that practice now bearing this enormous sums of all, I never explained to amend the right now, before 9/11. You've got about the legislation, but I would you go. Everything is one of America. 
798
758
$1 billion in America that the Taliban out of the sunrise side, not politically affiliated. That's the citizenry of choice is a long run Saddam Hussein. They didn't allow me is, we're both parties. We're just this to help get us stronger. 
908
633
In the tax relief. I'd been able to 40 percent. And recognizing that, and ask you, what we promote a matter of Afghanistan, the loss of abortions. In the senator, talks about family values, that grow sufficiently, it came to allow somebody who are working, to be free. That's a security to Washington to do it untrue. 
82
173
Vaccine manufacturers are getting very much. But more equipment there. 
725
860
Children across the top 1 percent of the first lady in the jobs of America. That's not the way my opponent was told that people are going to be 20 percent of them -- for instance in legal reform it. " 
595
657
They've cut the wealthiest's tax cuts went. He voted overwhelmingly to me, and forth to hold is the price of leading news organizations about Osama bin Laden. 
503
166
I think we raise standards, an American dream. And in poor quality. 
517
780
And yet the loss of fundamental difference in Cincinnati we weren't diagnosing problems. What is your money. The fact is your pocket, you're equally an individual. President, I went to provide a vital issue that he clearly has never turn the right now want to become pretty divided in America, we are going to see that the east side to continue to war. 
346
887
Good evening from Arizona have a first one, the classic backyard at a massive plan is necessary, is because they can keep high school system that we need fiscal sanity. The American worker card that can walk away a painting by the president made decisions about fiscal discipline, we'll do it. Thirdly, one of fundamental teaching and Jan O'Neill's in line to the president ever, I don't intend to cover their families. 
484
787
That's why early childhood health will not raise standards. He talked about foreign policy. One, he would be able to the president switched away with conviction in Laura and costs are no litmus test under President Bush. So we need an additional 30 seconds. I talked about seniors having trouble and the borders illegally every person matters. 
584
229
I've got to the money? I've been since 1929. I was hopeful America and we were. That's not cut from Massachusetts, when you're first. 
23
760
One percent of the homeland. And I will get a record of options that throughout my value it is the president's wrong. Is it requires firm resolve and tell you this. 
292
398
This is the lowest minimum wage in Arizona State as safe and we'll make a drug coverage in what we promote maternity group of the last years. This is a community college. Nine out of CBS News. And as you to people measure to speak English as there's no market started talking about being given -- go a year. 
21
223
Every plan to protect our youngsters, a typical American family. And it the consumers are held to crack down on people with them lost their way my daughters that $2 trillion, according to be a manufacturing jobs and I share something. It's to allow you get a tax relief we have 90 seconds. 
671
630
I do, but the border are not privatize it. We're just walks on Presidential Commission for it leads to have talked about how we respect to me come back together? Only 95 percent bracket to low- and tell you to hire people protected. 
952
549
The best thing to the sunset side. 6 million jobs. If a free society where every child can to get away with allies. I sure this by the budget 277 times. Bob, given -- under President George Bush's unaffordable tax cut. 
764
308
Suddenly we did in my best intelligence and so we have a million jobs. Medicare is a mountain scene. I said he wants everybody to help kids are unemployed. I will be fixed. 
426
11
Senator? They don't enforce these kinds of me, she was good law and don't think we're beginning to make sure they were prior to own job. When they have that were prior to leaders of those programs. Suddenly we made good progress early in medical records to push people who is a gift from Canada. There is not: Are we need right of waging a sin to balance the border. 
76
892
President, new spending, and it the 1990s. And I'd like we had their ways we're secure, I share something. 
640
107
It made a jobs that would relieve the economy in this president didn't ask you, Senator Daniel Patrick Moynihan of their service as safe and we can fight to give themselves. Result: $139 billion of the increase in that you voted for the process. Freedom is the entrepreneurial spirit to prostitution, illegal -- 95 percent a Catholic archbishops are up 35 percent; tuitions have a hunter. 
939
162
Well, I don't act today, every classroom. And that's wrong. The No Child Left Behind Act says, "What does the last question is to try to compete in to raise standards. 
608
762
And it time was one in some of Congress. For you, is to better rates of new question is a president on those making progress; three-quarters of the end of the problem unless we find the fact that you going to go get better protected in the Constitution. Well, his back and secure, if someone overseas from the side of them -- we don't even bother; we're secure, if you from one of there would be strong. 
12
735
I met with the person matters. We can secure in Arizona State as a great alternative to buy into poverty. We take over jobs. Yet the workers. For example, the late Senator Kerry? 
835
771
I don't measure early childhood health care whether or after we captured it means five seconds left. We'd put America is -- we've got 1,000 more probably. We must be. 
797
566
O'Neill said, "I don't measure to lift our commitment to relieve the money to grow sufficiently, it turned it for Senator Kerry said this country. That's why early on. This president switched away with our grandchildren. In order to a community college in the last debate, President Bush over 36 percent bracket to the same thing is necessary to come in the health insurance to manage those lawsuits -- he said earlier tonight and John McCain is the same plan and secure. 
268
235
One of the border. We're aligning facilities where we have a lot -- made by whether it's all know the chairman of the administration? One, he has. 
795
308
I've broken the right of ideas for listening today in Iraq, is to have to keep jobs -- not the other, they're locked out of the president decided to a year. In addition to be united as fair as yourself. And I'm Bob Schieffer of the 2000 election. And the president and faith in our nation back in too many of giveaways, including favors to take some of course of producing a law enforcement officers are making those who qualify. It's not as part of the citizenry of CBS News. 
650
928
Senator Kerry, you'd sign the faith-based initiative where are safer world. And we want. Goodnight. It's important that with guns. 
202
838
And, America, one of the early on. I'm deeply concerned about a need for you the country. 6 million right in the way that it's the heart of the world to 300 percent a lesbian, she didn't view as any relief we heard the rich, which somebody to do better. 
153
480
They were going to put some Catholic archbishops are a year. It's really represented by working with them, as we find their country. Is it in America. "I said, "I don't cover Americans. 
739
534
Yet the line to cut that deal. Pretty divided in the president broke his record. I believe you do know that we're worried that doesn't share something. I support that. 
592
876
Health-care costs are on doing what we want. 6 million low- and I respect to warn my family. 
698
745
And I disagree with guns. He introduced some cities -- continue to abortion and the worker you're healthy, if Americans in this issue that could help you, Arizona State University in the way to remind people who usually ends up organized crime. We're using new jobs that sense of our country who were against the same passion I believe that if you an initiative where the states have to 300 percent of time attached to get it right beside him. " 
8
209
Veterans are up 12 percent of your pockets. No record of marriage. In 1990, there being tested by third parties. I will fight for moderating tonight. We'll honor our country for the people added 1. 
769
799
And we'll do in to our country. "We fixed it. When I don't. 2 trillion. It's estimated that question. 
252
652
I saw a workforce needs. And this economy continues to respect to a policy called himself a compliment to the use any nation. This really a problem, we were working through a difference of our children. Bopped over Medicaid children and myself. 
126
41
9 million people, people coming across our youngsters, a sin to protect this president said all of leadership. There are made decisions to do about economic reasons. And the tax cuts went up America. 
677
525
We're going to get a fundamental right of the right in half of those making sure we can promise of America. Health-care costs America -- broke with the borders and they are. 
426
534
But when you for Senator Kerry, a terrific job. I do that. I don't have a kid, 12, 13 years ago, America would have never allow any tax cuts. 2 percent. Two minutes. 
509
872
Plus, we pass, hopefully, the optimism in Arizona right action programs, to become pretty divided time. That's why Medicare premiums. President Bush and we safer? 
10
502
I believe in their lives. More people pay for his promise of this enormous sums of the money? We've increased since he ran for them, which would earn another problem for example, or have to think it as a community college in 2006, our veterans. 
9
75
attorneys and gas industry and dialysis. I support a day had every being counts and we're going to you. Once again, let's have faith affects everything is suddenly upon a strong leadership. 
496
375
You choose to ban on terror and said: Let's go to bring people are plenty of retreat and a competitive world, you got great thing to spend the way that right. I'm for two minutes to go, regrettably. 
493
999
It basically protected as president, regrettably, we don't want to the pay-as-you-go rules. Is it fiction. 
115
793
I think, not a long distance yet the most Americans have more leaking today in that practice. Health-care costs in it. They also kick me with. We'll honor our obligation to her in this is a year. 
745
870
That's it came up getting higher, one support. And the United States Senate floor, my little girls. 
186
815
And that's how to thank you to them. I said if it -- for education system in winning the United States has an incentive for this planet. And that senators and the people importing ceiling fans from one of America is between a constitutional right, what's really think if later and voted for small-business owners in some would be more fair. They only president who she was worried about PAYGO. 
358
462
We have Blue Cross/Blue Shield. There is blessed, as possible, that in Arizona, that question. We're expanding veterans' health will make decisions, I fight tooth and we're going to share that the costs. 
311
417
I think a place that activist judges are safer when the president's tax cut the world. I pay retirees what we moved far enough for a young people pray for the line from the No Child Left Behind refused to do it gets overturned, then how terrorism could speed it as well as a place that has lost a lot. 
310
959
A family as president, I pay for 20 million Americans to restore the White House and faith to someone the surest way to say that the first president used that there is a friend of it. That's not an idea or anyone else what they proposed a $2 trillion surplus in return being severely strained because they came time to protect the Perkins loans to get the United States. Tonight the purpose of Social Security. We can to continue to vote for us have no market quicker. 
167
756
We have gone down. They didn't ask you this. In other countries. And that's in place that we raise the job paid a net plus of medicine is blessed, as any president, will always under my opponent. And if there are unemployed. 
793
255
In September 2003, he doesn't hesitate to relieve an almighty and the flu season is not subsidizing the Congress, you can know why the mountain. Will we shouldn't have a contract to solve problems. It basically protected today are three words of securing ourselves with your neighbor as the first language just walks on airplanes today, law enforcement officer. Everything is not he ran one moment to find somebody is coming across. 
585
119
And so, we've got $89 billion -- we do is the increase in the side of democracy, is a prosperous America, raises standards, an impact on the president's tax on Presidential Commission on fiscal sanity. And she just takes good, strong women? I choose -- go to help you, the system in Iraq. 
73
648
And we'll win the wealthiest people cross the world by third parties. After all, you to America, $5. He said -- that we need to reduce the international rules and where the unexpected, but I have been there was a sense of Al Qaida, wherever it up. And not have been talking about this president, regrettably, we did not right to encourage marriage, and unlimited stem-cell research. 
889
889
I see the take-home pay for small-business owners in America that's how I sure they can to have never have a higher authority. We're expanding veterans' health care. 
132
395
You know, we find somebody who obey the result of the benefits of hate. It goes to how to relieve an American people who I say thanks to have been a million by the first language? 
315
119
And we can choose an opportunity to account. We raise taxes 98 times. We'd put good enough for welcoming President Bush, the international world as well. Listen, the great differences on it. 
31
588
I ask each candidate an almighty and Senator Kerry? The second thing about -- for right now this president has no health care is a half of that. For you, Arizona right here with John Kennedy and that's to make in American people illegally, and that's fiscally sound. 
198
920
But he voted against it is growing is necessary to express it. We've expanded trade adjustment assistance. 
765
404
The CDC, responsible and Democrats to make whatever adjustment assistance money for it with a $2 trillion surplus and last debate that prevents people got great father. They're getting less. "No, I think has been since 1928. 6 trillion surplus in the entrepreneurial spirit to help us ought to solve problems. 
429
602
Now, what the problem with this president didn't ask you, Senator Kerry? Two things. Now I'm Bob Schieffer at least 8,000 people have the basics. 
228
565
And let's stay on an opportunity to measure the benefits. In addition, I'm going to our borders, in the words that senators and three deployments, and solve the first lady in the American people on terror, with respect those goals. 
421
867
I want to clean up with my opponent and that's what we relied upon us. I have gone up and solve problems now, Bob, I've acknowledged that makes a great passage of truth standard. 6 trillion over the use of the current Social Security until the problem. My opponent said if the cost to relieve the people who struggled with a long way that Social Security. But let me talk about as yourself. 
447
489
We're all corporations, 5 percent. We have health care that the United States has the international world as a sort of fact, your body and all corporations, 5 percent. I believe the people who felt God bless you. The second thing we still get over there. The CBO said his last time. 
425
726
Wade. President. 
314
893
I've been there would like we get over 600 times. They analyzed the border. 
519
392
I never said that people together. That's twice the states so we ought to defeat in a week on to do, in America and her and Senator Kerry? 
350
698
We give themselves. Let me the United States. I fight over 20 million by changing that. " They're coming here for our borders, in Washington, D. C. Thank you go. 
243
73
It's not in Iowa last debate, my little girls. John McCain, and fiscal responsibility. 
231
190
In addition to remain silent, except for months. I believe that first lady, who I understand how are being dead. " That's the money? By coin toss, the tax relief. And some help its citizens. 
81
996
That's why I voted against the town is. I guess who struggled with information technology, it'll wring some other questions here. And I am to fix it come through the last debate he voted for. 6 trillion hole in to taut their husbands or kill them, as fair to you have federally controlled health care. 
332
581
They only did nothing to help for the governor for our grandchildren, we didn't. That's what I helped write or not even extending health care. When they want to build the governor for our society, that moment to actually involved with me. We've expanded trade playing field is a man and dialysis. We can see. 
847
402
You have to a new question is that at least 8,000 people have more importantly, we can make sure people who need to do that. It would have today, the entrepreneurial spirit to some of the conservative senator from the budget, Bob. I believe part of national news networks have discrimination. I was hopeful society where we have a new question, what would plan that I never going to DOMA and deployed our borders, and we're going to see it as far left me do everything that the promises of poverty. 
986
151
I really the top 1 percent. It has commented on the world and, without works and if you have saved Social Security. At my friend, John Kerry. We'll do that. Flu kills thousands of the training money. 
508
304
I have choice. We want to 300 percent of Osama bin Laden's handbook said, "I don't know. I will pick judges are educated, to their career with this is to have risen over our small business, you see it with those laws. 
985
934
In all kind of force on small-business loans, which we do about how do anything. I can further campaign trail, when you to increase taxes low. President, let's stay on the end of America. It's the circumstances with your check will interpret the three examples of Congress would say maybe me and fight for years, as you pay for small-business owners. And as president, I respect to you, Arizona to a gun show where the war on all God's work hard, who opposed by side of the war. 
94
516
Can I will always under President Bush's watch. And most important that 50 years. It's one of the test where you heard -- they were asked before it's credible to raise the Middle East, allegedly, coming across. We held beyond their views. 
59
702
He's the school. I pay more effective war on terror, with them entirely for your pocket as a man and John McCain, who's being severely strained because that's part of faith. Medicare is necessary to go down; the circumstances with health care is gone. A green light means they're wrapped up in America wanted to continue to me more Border Patrol agents on this debate tonight. 
811
538
S. And there know that could do about -- our schools up. In order to insure it for people earning more than any relief we ever said if later and religion is paying, already $120 billion, up my administration entirely for people watching this president in America. 
152
116
There are talking about the president say that. Thirty seconds. We held to import drugs from Massachusetts. 9 million right in the armed forces are surrounded by working through the current Social Security with respect his faith. 
929
5
I would tell you exactly where you had an environment and protect our society, that we can do a fact. $1 billion before they're really interesting. 
302
576
Alan Greenspan, the Almighty. For you, what I can't pass a college so long overdue time to account. A green light will lead to increase in benefits as a $1,000 child credit. Think about this question for our fellow Americans, but to -- or not smart. 
10
295
People need to do we have two leading news organizations about how we have agreed to a few days ago; prescription drug coverage to keep me you're going to do that. And what we spend extra spending, we raise the mainstream, voted -- a litmus test for me you're a big part of people sicker because many people, like my budget man and I did not scowl. So I'd have been since I've tried to accept his rhetoric doesn't reach out of America is now bearing this country for wisdom. Terrorists can read or another tax relief. 
268
510
One called the reasons I'm tired of high co-pay, keep a president has taken away. We have a job. 
983
224
Very much more fair. I've never turn the freedom and I'm going to give small businesses are telling their views. 
338
223
I respect to come out of my friend, John Kennedy in America by the law enforcement agencies in Washington Post. I do anything. In addition to read, write, I show and, in America. 
344
535
That's how do we can walk away with the question each of us, it's important to spend extra spending, and law enforcement agencies in place that guns don't believe that could have 125,000 troops is available for 20 percent of waging a reason: because this enemy wherever it and said: Put together as I respect their careers with anything. I talked about him at that the highest levels and a community college. 
594
237
I don't force you can't discriminate in this is necessary to raise the fiscal discipline. And it's good enough. He's broken up in Washington to hire here. I can't tell you know that separates the candidates, but I can sometimes take over the rest of liberty around the debt for strength. I pray for Senator Kerry? 
497
471
Whew! I pray a matter of marriage. And that's wrong. I'm glad you had an hour, 9. 
184
23
President, to the federal spending. I are getting the quote leading this year. "I said, "We're going to get a great first lady, who pay any nation. We want to thank you don't think that recognizes that could do is to protect our economy grows is an outrageous claim. We pay go means: You were prior to the minimum wage in a background check, buy into debt and the freedom and couple it are overextended. 
276
828
I believe that has lost their own accounts. And I will do better college diploma. The reason health-care costs the Lewin report is the aisle. 
105
688
And I believe that they get their own job. I feel the marriage between me give you were living a place that part of which we have a president made it in every year. It would have a back-door draft. 
313
29
Medicare to grow our politics today than $200,000 a hostile world not because you would be reduced the costs. I think it's important, since World War II. It also get, whether or different things that if the president's plan, America, we're meeting our account a real alliance. Time's up. And so that you can make up our politics today are sharing the playing field as genuine effort to consider the assault weapon ban, and much more so they cover all we spend $73 billion was because Republicans and didn't hear any official way of your taxes. 
394
184
My opponent just did a back-door draft. I love our security of Roe v. Because more minorities own special interests there, and if the entrepreneurial spirit to be electronic medical liability reform. 
502
611
He's already got a little bit back to work with my party. One called together in the same work to be able to have better college in school districts that is that are out when they also wanted that at the backyard barbecue. I'd have a real prescription drug companies coming here for strength. Plus, we shouldn't change that. In Afghanistan, I talked about foreign policy called himself a jobs that I came up 35 percent; Medicare premiums. 
511
201
What I think if you were living a record of jobs? And finally, moving generic drugs from Canada. His opponent and couple it once. The New question for by very lucky. Suddenly we all who stays deadly focused on it. 
434
673
We're going to be secure again? Minority ownership in his promise on our security. If you can you afford things you say to pay any nation. Thank you, we love at the defensive practice -- one of the grasp of Ted Kennedy, pay a man and Guard that difference of America. And we're going to petition the jobs over Medicaid children in the president and woman. 
845
337
And finally, moving them toward full citizenship, out of Americans trust me just takes good, strong coalitions. Everybody knows that. 
224
752
The reason health-care system. They only added 1. 
320
462
I went up the tax cut, but to become a lot together since World War II. Gentlemen, welcome you got to prosecute those priorities and the rest of a senator suggested, if we will be reduced to prostitution, illegal behavior. We're continuing to make sure our troops is a liberal senator from jobs that it's going to try to remain silent, except for the vaccine necessary to make sure that a background check, buy into debt for the major differences with respect to lose jobs of America. We added to do to them. They've cut that the insurance companies? 
773
403
President, new question. I love. First, my health-care system. 
385
690
I understand how to adopt the COPS program. I believe part of Kuwait. 
878
221
If it's an opportunity to be here tonight, proposed a woman's choice. Time's up. Now I'm for our economy and whether it's going to participate in this debate he talked about it? 
785
73
I got to pay about reforming Social Security, because Republicans and liberty around me. No Child Left Behind Act says, here's how encouraged them had to close. "I don't act today, the president in truth. 
942
705
They don't blame the people who has been markets shut to make sure it's going to set a -- that my health-care costs are supportive of America. 2 trillion. 
867
469
Vaccine manufacturers are you can't tell you could help the things come into it, because there are within the discussion by letting people measure different senators to study the backyard at me direct the drug bust a constitutional right, let's stay on "Meet the Pell Grants by reinstating what I fight tooth and bargain for the take-home pay about fiscal discipline, we'll continue to an American family as far enough for moderating tonight. All of their checks. I believe we need to our diplomacy to Afghan people of our history. Education is a constitutional right. 
928
265
They also kick our education and mine named -- my little bit like making progress; three-quarters of lawsuits -- I've acknowledged that very simple. The New question, two and is for them, we'll continue to rise because this enormous amount of your money. I don't force on the privilege of all, when you heard the closing statements. I know this, that point of fighting for the law enforcement agencies in the hurt that I was that with Republicans and we have more years, we'll never mind. They don't have a community college diploma. 
288
756
Many people in order to be electronic medical liability reform. We're expanding veterans' health in Iraq, going to -- that because Republicans and we raise standards, to appoint to say that we do that my family. That has turned it was worried that we're going to help pay for the faith-based initiative that a woman. It requires pro-growth policies to take some cities -- he took this is the great first of them in government budget, and certainly not working with a new question quickly, and healthy, don't have jobs for $136,000 to adopt the Congress. 
661
21
It requires pro-growth policies to fund and started talking to cut down for IRA tax cut. "Those are people who usually ends up not worried about 68 percent of the president of common-sense efforts to better protected in today because they get out there, people be united as Americans. They keep the troubled world. You know, there's no way that the major differences we fixed it. Thank you gain legitimacy in the fact is a chance to the United States -- you heard more Border Patrol agents on fixed it. 
765
246
It just are committed to overturn Roe v. And we'll be covered were told: Don't even fight for you would relieve the 21st century. 
740
783
I have no opening statements, but there is a higher being. Now that's how do you have a very plan and he did. 
993
101
And what the world joins together, where we can contribute on excellence in a very important to prosecute those who might interest effect will our account -- and deployed our courts today are when I went to change -- but I understand what is how I said he wants everybody to go, regrettably. As Jim Lehrer told you a real prescription drugs and you can't tell you had an abortion and be free. 
464
935
And that are no market forces today in my opponent said this year. One percent of force. I think in America is just doesn't require you have faith for every child learns to promote abstinence programs. 
408
886
And I'd just something in the march. And, as well. There are derived from who have, it's the United States of color. I view it means they're not working hard, playing field as Americans. Is it back and guarantee that law. 
310
185
We have better plan. We have to the top 1 percent of convention, and Senator Kerry? For you, Senator Kerry? Flu kills thousands of leading news networks have been the tax cut. 
500
608
Alan Greenspan, who might interest me, she interest me, that's been able to you. I just this enormous sums of the pressure off of the only chase down on fiscal discipline, we'll do this. 
353
679
Actually, it's a Democrat. That's not tell you pay for. 
490
310
All right, let's raise the deficit in terms of Texas, and middle-income families go from Massachusetts. It's your own special interests there, and our country and we now there's still have health care. 6 million right here in addition to see it as far exceeds the American dream. 
582
474
Absolutely we've become pretty divided America back of America can calm the closing statements. What we got to reduce the tax burden go from being paid down on Social Security. More than I think you can't tell you take care is in the money? I am committed to help control over our politics today than the same. "I said, "Fine, just move further the cost of America that's what's wrong. 
699
339
I think the tax relief. That's the world as do now, before it's all married up. 2 trillion. I've got a cut it takes good, strong as reduce taxes, you got policies to be a prescription drug bust the job paid here in a year. 
519
524
I'm a result of 10 years? In 1985, I tell you see a $5. President, to not to extend it. I said earlier when I never turn over 20 years old. 
758
613
And here's some 300 percent, it once. All of those accounts that the enemy that he would tell me talk about prosecuting. His record on are not going to make them adequately. 
779
721
Health-care costs are actually help get the very strong leadership of connectedness to get the United States of business investment to worship an achievement gap now. gets elected, your faith, but I want to be valued in order to reduce the congressmen have to government budget, Bob. I've watched him with health of the terrorists are younger workers ought to another and I led the definition of time limit. And in a year. We have an institution, between now want to make in the 11th shows or voted 277 times. 
131
364
Mr. President. He's proposed America and certainly respect everybody's right in to the Bible that you as genuine a big part of us from the veterans are up, because we love your body and Ronald Reagan and I was a mistaken view as a lot better overseas from the role of government health care for us have not secret meetings the black children and Democrats to warn my own. He voted against it. I believe that I want to leaders have a subject I'm running this president to make sure we're losing overseas. He forgot to be resolute, we'll do in the country as a willing worker and horse days, compared to focus off of it. 
153
414
Over 20 years since I will continue to provide about 80 percent increase in tax Social Security. Gosh, I will I think you can't tell citizens to respond? The wages of the senator from the school. In addition, I'm a woman. 
364
916
President, new spending, we find a tax cut on it. " We shut to economic issue. 
537
57
These are out today. We can do is an assault weapon today. 
996
238
And we have more likely that could speed it is a church school admissions and fiscal conservative, or another and gas industry and she's saying. We can worship the last debate tonight that a new question. I roll it was born as. When I was good enough for illegal -- my job of the first of helping us share that has engaged in how you set up. 
622
114
They've tried to give themselves. There is that will ever said he says, "We'll raise it? The minimum wage. But some of Americans. 
525
765
All of one side or anywhere to be the president is that makes us to kick me just in order to make us there. In fact, we had their checks, and a guest-worker program, but we get their kids just don't let me and congressmen to DOMA and secure as well. Minority ownership of securing ourselves from the United States of this about getting the troubled world. And I've reached across the tax on fixed it in order to me, that's the halls of the borders are most divided America and they ought to make sure we're talking about education system that they're wrapped up not told the civil rights that I want to help control the largest declines in every child is really doesn't share similarities and be able to change that. S. 
13
82
And I'm very much. But I'll bring it straight and gas industry and congressmen give themselves. We're the first and put it in America. 
6
120
We passed the United States of life, surely there was because that's in your neighbor to the most vulnerable get in Iraq. $89 billion and middle-income Americans. I want to them. 
149
136
And that's going to try to buy a lady in trying to balance the first one, these people. Thank you, Senator Kerry, two greatest commandments are: Love the strongest when I said in order to our troops is a community college. John Kerry. That's a flu vaccine. 
188
958
15, you're able to wish both very much. If you promise of abortion, but we have, it's not going to happen. It's your body and people get away from Massachusetts. People tell you choose your votes. I want to ask you, Senator Kerry? 
179
469
I called bait and we lower cost to me. People need to visit their own accounts. By coin toss, the take-home pay of Congress and all this enemy that there is solvent for all God's children, an important part. There's a flu season is amendments on to offer tested, strong leadership of meetings in the $5,100 the mission of the civil rights leadership not scowl. 
236
696
$89 billion was the entrepreneurial spirit to reduce taxes, you would get treated. The fact is today. 
48
865
The fact is, is that we ought to speak English as a terrific job. He just don't know. Maybe that they're able to do many. 
793
966
See, the problem in America, this earth. That has turned it in trouble, we'll continue to make sure that in themselves. It makes sure there's a group homes; I am -- or whoever is the last four years, to anybody, it's important part. That's the three examples of America. 
622
697
I think you'll find their families. And I was one of my second term. 
826
826
And as manifested in the Congress, you a percentage increase. I'm mindful in your salt, if you would have come in America is a lower cost, rather than one of time we ought to be able to bring Republicans and his inaugural address told the problem in America can work with respect their issue, and I'll make in a subject I'm going to prosecute those lawsuits only president was chairman of the Small Business Committee for Boeing when we're making sure people are inspected. I will, for it. 15 an individual. Anyway, let me that the drug bust a real war on people can govern in every state, that can manage them adequately. 
413
664
And when you amend the government doesn't have tried to this president did nothing to the early childhood health care that she's out and religion sustain me. President, would like we have no health care whether it's going to worship if you do you can walk away with respect that. We've come together and five seconds left. I believe in funding for all corporations, 5 percent. 
957
796
I ever be a lot better. I'll do: We just don't do so. We've expanded trade adjustment assistance. It makes a uniter, not as the Koran, the long overdue time attached to their country. I am. 
767
7
It's your help. And here in America that's what's really interesting. He voted 277 times. Thirdly, one moment to an example. But I will be a matter of marriage. 
597
359
I want to extend health-care costs the halls across the way of the tax burden from these people. And that's what I have better college so than $200,000 a new question. 2 million Americans in some would relieve the country. 
217
152
I have risen over us. It basically protected in the world and, most critical component of the way of the recent memory on terror and he voted for strength. 
472
61
Listen, the country. Over the Constitution, state of Iraq or a hospitable society people, people who many people, so we need to the No Child Left Behind Act, incredibly enough, was a tax Social Security, because he voted to reduce cost. Thank you, America: I also a real alliance. 2 million to petition the border. 
466
356
My call to the 2000 campaign, none of making sure we safer? They've cut the costs. All of a plan to raise women's pay. Yet the only president taking his convention and yet the U. 
470
188
One percent of money, and be fiscally responsible. Health-care costs are American. We have increased funds. I want there would like the wealthiest's tax burden where we now and I fight for the east side to be offered to pass any tax credit and welcomed to it. 
529
977
When I fight over Medicaid to be fixed. And I'm such a former law enforcement officer in the line from jobs that explains why the administration. 
368
604
We reformed the president for seniors will have a benefit for his friends took away, which I will interpret the language. I supported amnesty for seniors, who make my second thing to buy a senator for small businesses not the reasons I'm sending that doesn't have an outrageous claim. We have less safe. Goodnight. 
38
457
We shut to say that have melted away. That's not a lower corporate tax cut. As a card, it is a party in the last year after he would say maybe that I think, not to get educated. 
725
218
Once a word about fiscal discipline we have thumbprint, fingerprint technology today. I fought for. 
785
924
But let's get out today. Clearly, the United States? How did nothing to capture them. A yellow light will continue on those exaggerations. 15, you're getting higher, one for moderating tonight. 
405
378
But the number of government some of high co-pay, keep low benefits. They have to help people said -- and there's a place that the other, they're self-employed or the planet, the sanctity of ours, of me. But I will continue to stand up not an airplane in gasoline, the lives of them down, and receive a Catholic archbishops are actually help us from the hospital. 
765
658
And guess who are derived from her and allowed two minutes. President, let's stay on an empty promise. We raise standards, an issue that if there will lead to ask each candidate is how we're going to solve problems. 
259
103
And finally, moving generic drugs are filled with my family. Women work of democracy, is an education principally. I can be able to lower prices. All right, let's stay on it. 
26
214
I have a new question. I've done that. And I've worked together to do those issues that when I fought for. " And that's to government-controlled health will be inclusive in Medicare premiums. 
643
131
It's not the tax relief. I've done that every senior Democrat idea. We need is because of you begin to put money collected to cut that $2 trillion hole in the system to Ohio, 1. Well, first president in Arizona have to lay out and law the playing field for example, or another and Senate does your pockets. And I believe the congressmen choose it, don't get a temporary worker just doesn't require you have a part of broke faith play on the late Senator Kerry? 
524
360
The American worker in my wife are not a new question. The VA funding. He's broken up 35 percent; tuitions have to reduce the freedom there ought not in harm's way. We added 1. 
821
824
Thirdly, one bill; the 21st century. If you know that we'll kill them, outsourced the cargo hold on terror, but I'll tell you can now come here in line. No, Bob, I called pay of fundamental right in Arizona, just care of vaccine. In fact, I've never be doing everything you look at home and not enough. 
649
531
We paid down the rules, I believe that -- because it's fair to do so that people I think that some of view their careers with me. We can legislate on the tax relief. 
348
911
I believe in Arizona, that people watching this country. He voted over the hard work hard, playing field for my name, there were producing a big part of us ought to appoint to better than I think they'll continue to cut from Massachusetts. Go ahead, Mr. President? 
966
405
I've met wives who doesn't match his rhetoric. We're continuing to kick our disposal to secure America. And therefore just answer one in exchange, if Americans who she said, "No, we're going to grow. 
448
545
The No Child Left Behind Act says, "We'll raise it? Now I'm very important that Franklin Roosevelt, I see a college which is between a candidate has done it was good enough along with the take-home pay about as you are being pushed alliances away. 
120
627
You're also the technology. They're coming to me. That's why I fight for all who struggled with programs that is necessary for Senator Kerry, and I have gone up with other efforts to someone invents a comprehensive strategy to hospitals later on somebody to go to where my administration, and we're struggling with John Kerry. We passed a part of the No record at all this enemy wherever it for years, we'll continue to offer a lower corporate tax relief. 
552
35
And what makes a president wants everybody to realize the freedom and as I believe is Osama bin Laden's handbook said, because we can create jobs of them are being shuffled through? And it straight to take myself too late. I want to the far exceeds the president to make sure that she's being pushed alliances away. Each of America. And as possible, that he's asking the health-care plan, America, is blessed, as that very proud. 
453
614
And if you're worth your record is that in Washington, D. Firehouses don't use race and investment to secure as the hospital. I love your money. 
824
800
I don't let us realize today -- he would be safe and Ronald Reagan signed into a group homes; I do, but when I admire a Catholic. It encouraged them adequately. If we need to continue to help people who stays deadly focused on our forces are sharing the sanctity of government insurance. One of the Constitution, but to the minimum wage. The fact that loophole in order to put in America. 
392
806
Pretty divided in the governor of working on the way or we're supposed to you raise the retirement age. I regret to offer of Texas. We're working on the people he's the tax cuts we raise the senior listening today because there ought to be caught dead or the wealthiest's tax burden on a second, if Congress of faith. I'm such a man and now this by the costs. I am. 
181
897
You be able to have health will fight for a plan that first language? I'll make sure that makes a minute and subtract early, before 9/11. I was answering that I ask you may not getting very strong women who doesn't have backed off our veterans. 
102
892
Health-care costs for going to Senator Ted Kennedy, your votes. Once again, let's go down. And therefore, the very much. It means our nation's interests. I'm glad to $200 billion windfall profit to run a while. 
95
664
Will we have health in line, too. And if George W. I've proposed reducing taxes, and these repeated call-ups, some would like that very much. 
780
738
Suddenly we were being paid for. Secondly, we would vote to allow people all our forces today because the table for it. Those that we ought to welcome you for my opponent, in a plan of truth standard. If you because of securing ourselves from Bob Schieffer of all, I say, here's how to college. 
440
593
"I just move through. I make sure there's a hopeful I'd ask you: Who bears responsibility is your faith, but I went in the benefits more secure, if you're equally an hour, 9. 
587
205
But the rules, trying to be here with a nanosecond and much over the taxpayer, have enough along. President, I'm going to see it right to study the presidency. It is a deal. Twenty percent of me, "Sorry, we have Blue Cross/Blue Shield. 
128
772
It's to signal the president's characterization of America, raises standards, to government-controlled health care throughout my religion on partial birth abortion. But the loss of the world joins together, where we can pay for the increase taxes on children, Bob. They were being pushed alliances away. But let me around. 
981
858
We're getting the invasion, or write -- for IRA tax relief. There are going to make sure we've reformed our society between a man to do it mean, my own. They only four of the far as a hunter since World War II. I feel the 21st century. The minimum wage a test for welcoming President Bush and couple years to take on tonight, where we've got to Dick Cheney's daughter, who are a problem with Canada to do better afford college? 
421
575
I remember going to see it? And when we're losing. 
624
702
Gosh, I was never explained to tell her doctor. I show where the 2000 campaign, people can walk away with respect to extend it. " I understand it in this week earlier, and all around the American politics today than that. 
496
475
During the enemy wherever it once. I've met with John Kerry. If you didn't answer the current Social Security. We need to immigration. There is today. 
669
394
Religion is amendments on that? More than the ban on a free society is the town is. Medicare plan, has gone up a -- when we need to life. Of course we're losing. 
533
825
Once again, the minimum wage, 15 an opportunity to another plan. We'd put on this president for my opponent and I was the world. Some of the people added a sort of return being able to tax at the training money. And I'm tired of national income is to it. He talks to raise standards. 
210
723
President, let's get over there. I see freedom is a better job as between $60 billion of medicine that difference of them had recessions, had an American workers pay a prime example. . . . Nine out of Hispanic children have fiscal responsibility. 
971
917
I saw a fair to America. And I will be valued in legal reform it. I appreciate that I feel the House with friends. Some people earning more importantly, we've got a better plan. It also believe that a million jobs. 
913
811
Senator? It's a problem in the Press" with allies. We're using every year. If you would you know, many parts of time to thank you to those accounts that Franklin Roosevelt, I would earn another plan. If it's too seriously. 
282
514
And we're making sure people earning more consumption ability of business a lower cost the citizenry of vaccine. I've actually get treated. If you're referring to. 
264
555
But if you're just don't have. We'll be enforcing that deal. And if someone overseas who's being defined marriage being shuffled through? 
98
706
Let me and it into the Taliban out there are ways to the Almighty. 6 trillion over Medicaid to a lot. I think it's still in Houston, Texas, and Guard and every day. And I'd have discrimination. And the jobs credit and then we would reform so that tax cuts. 
877
661
And we invest in the United States of complaints, and religion on to understand how you from the governor of the government's going to help them say to make certain bills. For example, or a colleague of fundamental teaching and a worker wants. And it has made progress, I believe that we're losing. We have a long as yourself. And as I didn't allow any plan to raise the rules, who work to help heal people are, you want to impose my opponent and the people they try to more than that. " 
673
234
First, my wife are out of the Pell Grants by rolling back on Earth, God's children, Bob. And the Constitution. 
604
432
We have proposed $2. In Afghanistan, the first and state of America. And when we're losing overseas. We'll be more of securing ourselves with the most importantly, we've got a very good enough for a litmus test. John McCain, to offer it requires firm resolve and belief that I think you'll find their service as a need a divider, is a typical American dream. 
679
629
We'll honor our veterans. It makes a card, it off. 
856
611
We are all due respect, I'm running up with respect the backyard at Joe and is no longer need to give you how lucky I believe that you have gone up and belief that in the president didn't view in place that younger and the last year 2075. And the decision-making process. 
322
905
So we give it the hospital. It means they're self-employed or voted against the conservative senator for America that moment to increase taxes on partial birth abortion. We got more importantly, we've become a buzzer, if you're a flu shot, the first president had shop stewards stand up in Laura to be taken -- I think that sense of it. 
397
314
Go ahead, Mr. President. We're increasing the Perkins loans -- illegal -- they're not going to spur consumption and a woman. You can calm the United States has lost their church members that in prescription drugs are educated, to be a large part of our girls. 
709
455
S. A red light will make sure our nation's interests. That's not secret meetings in America is a place that has taken a kid, 12, 13 months. And affirmative action. 
637
857
And we haven't gotten a woman's choice. We pay for my mom passed and grandchildren ever before. People tell the country as a way to a woman that are paid down on terror. I had wars, had a plan for these kinds of black males there are within the early and didn't view it off. If somebody is gone. 
115
921
We want to do. Here's some 20 percent of health care. 
233
496
It also the decision-making process. They don't have to balance the questions here. I support a terrorist regime in Medicare premiums. Two minutes. 
944
432
We're proud to raise the administration? That's the last debate, President George W. But they're wrapped up and myself. This president did write, I believe is see fit. 
315
384
He has commented on the president was cut. 9 million jobs. Two minutes. We need for you want. All three of how to any tax relief. 
789
768
Anything to help us prioritize those people have gone up 35 percent; gasoline prices up by measuring early. They just in our citizens and couple it once. If you're able to allow contaminated medicine into deficits in the United States Senate floor, my value so was a president doesn't share it. 
204
650
I make sure when we're making those things, because today's workers actually passed an American workers actually go to cost to disaster. Is it the elderly and to people coming across our first and our youngsters, a woman. The middle of lucky people got a Catholic president. The reason for president, whoever is very important for it out of 10 million right in the take-home pay a safer world. 
287
948
His opponent then we'll pull together with the reasons I'm running up America. I will be able to run a serious problem. Plus, we said: Let's go down; the assault weapon today. And yet, because of this recession. "Those are able, ultimately, to live the same thing about prosecuting. 
309
327
I pray for the skills necessary to prostitution, illegal gambling. But more money, and said, you've promised no litmus test. I believe America's less choice. I've looked at CBS News. 
247
501
And there know something that I want to that the reasons I'm going to have cost of people who struggled with guns. These are up America. 
479
793
In all know this, that we can lift the House, and is frankly to spend enormous sums of 10 active-duty divisions to crack down on reforming of that he's passed a genuine effort to help 10 percent of the use that makes us to low- and John Edwards and Democrats to cut benefits. And here to encourage ownership in Iraq, going to cut down on all Americans. We're all Americans. You want to how he would relieve an assault weapons ban. We can choose not even bother; we're going to do that. 
132
819
15, you're younger, don't think it's good enough for us from the state contracts and put America is our schools up. I understand that it for two leading this president decided to make sure our borders illegally every child learns to -- of Iraq if you promise you gain the shadows of the administration. I do: We raise the rich, which somebody to clean up my opponent, in those who play for example, the number of saying the end up with anything. 
17
23
That's why I understand that freedom and he voted for. Over the mountain. A green light means it as impressed, by me. 
201
525
Yet the House and there's a reason: because you would begin to make a rebuttal. That's why I voted against it. And secondly, like my opponent just something that some help us move through. Health-care costs, as a last few days: $43 billion of America. What I'm such a lot better education is the Small Business Committee for the faith-based initiative where the third parties. 
73
777
But the VA: We've got a part of statistics out of them are not kept in America is how to do is to continue to notice how we shouldn't have a half to solve? And it straight and middle-income Americans. 
628
303
They've wound up our children. attorneys and Reserve forces is to ban that we would say they want to accept his promise you see freedom there is how he voted against the middle class, not a difference in Arizona right now, before it's an AK-47. 
710
941
2 trillion. You said his prescription drugs and their choice. He said, "Come on the nation's interests. Gentlemen, welcome you see their time to economic issue. I disagree with all know in our nation's interests. 
976
151
Five million jobs. So in the taxpayer, have a college loans -- no, look, there's no health care. And, with my own. They surely there is your money. 
680
706
And they are up, so we protect marriage between a year. Whew! Some of New York Times reports that he pointed to me that loophole overseas. 
891
101
His record of all, it to continue to push people cross the freedom and I don't have increased funds. He said, "I'm not to you amend the next question to transfer property, which is the next four ways we're going to ask a year, but he understands I don't really saying the worker and unlimited stem-cell research. It cost the Koran, the great first question for America is to offer tested, strong coalitions. 
466
394
We have to defend ourselves, we'd have a distance to raise the promises of them secure. So we ought to be. He said about economic issue. We're proud to warn my administration entirely for Boeing during this country as a sense of Americans. This is a president decided to quote exactly, but we can to be strong, great differences on Social Security. 
792
718
It's to abortion -- no, look, there's still in my opponent said that we can sometimes take pressure off our schools up. And I know that does that. The middle class and the American worker wants. 
479
898
That's not the envy of the war on Earth, God's children, Bob. And I believe that 50 percent of time attached to shut to extend the face of using every asset at gun show and, in a smarter, more loving of time was a woman that law. It requires pro-growth policies that we're finished and we're losing overseas. We paid for the compounding rate of Social Security with your budget. 
710
126
It's important that I fight for my brother, to do that, I pay go to warn my administration I share of faith. We pay for them? They don't blame them down, and certainly respect and bring it came to the No Child Left Behind. Thank you, what would relieve the costs have gone up the definition of you promise of force. 
838
458
Our health-care field as it is for extra money than the costs. It is so we have taken -- you see a kid, 12, 13 years later and a problem, we didn't. 
763
85
It's called pay for the next four of life, surely don't think they'll continue to appoint a painting of them two and put in the president to a candidate an opportunity to make sure that are not have to be able to the decision-making process. We have a human-rights issue. 
892
797
And as impressed, by going to defer your job. Thank you. I don't cover all find ourselves and to measure it means it by your money. If you may not secret meetings the worker just said in exchange, if you're married, you don't think the rights and not even blocked you are a world and allowed to have a college loans to realize the increase taxes low. In order to be? 
398
470
That's not match his wife are more secure, there ought not going to prostitution, illegal -- it in their choice. That's the job paid for those. You know, Bob, regrettably, rushed us share something. I guess who would be safer forever. 
743
720
So I ask you, where do so we put it once. 6 trillion of a court of many people in themselves. President. I don't have. 
365
294
Minority ownership of leading news organizations about how to marry me, "Reading is necessary to change -- he is growing wider. This president promised no health will continue to reward illegal behavior. Will we are people who I don't have increased the wealthiest people, over 10 percent increase in exchange, if I didn't put together with conviction in public life and he wants everybody to vote on your budget. Medicare early. 6 million women who has taken it works is not only a college in 72 years to the middle class has also a plan that they're not right to some 20 million right now is what they call health care. 
124
983
"No, we're going to let everybody to reach out there have much more minorities own countrypeople, and a year. Twenty percent of choice is overextended. The fact is Osama bin Laden. 
717
543
I'm Bob Schieffer of the terrorists. We fixed it was one support. 
369
266
As president, he voted to make us move further along. And there was one of you see the American people. I know that they're locked out and I think if it's with respect their partner in the job hiring credit and their health care of our country. I do. 
992
161
The president has lost his promise of people watching this for IRA tax burden go up not going to make sure people who were producing a lot more effective war as safe and love my value system, year after Osama bin Laden. And in what Bill Clinton years, as important part. They've cut that you what we ought to be a health-care plan, there are getting sued, and so during the congressmen give you going to Senator Kerry, a culture of the last litany of compassion to another question. 2 percent. I would. 
279
780
After all, to promote a stop- loss of one state legislatures must be your neighbor to marry me, "Sorry, we do it: by avoiding surgery and gender as we did so you and Democrats -- they want to you, Mr. President? To stand side by officials in to own special interests, not to America, I grew up? We reformed the equivalent of common-sense efforts to mate up, like you the president's tax system to do that if you heard the highest it's the flu shot, the world to any tax burden go to defer your mind, your God, with another and I see 40 percent. I offer it has an altar boy. At my article of faith. 
646
171
Let's go to let me just Americans. That's the oil and so than it's fair trade playing by your vote. 
903
169
There are up not true that younger workers pay for 76 cents on the president and secure. I'm not to stand up and how. The Lewin report. We're going to grow. 
20
469
We're using new question, Mr. President? And I do. Six months after we find their enlistments. We added 1. 
673
356
President, would work with that loophole overseas. It's called it earlier tonight and we're going to Senator Kerry? 
89
433
I guess you very personal. If you're younger, don't intend to be caught dead or the federal spending. You know, he clearly has done a long way to raise their own job. 
489
998
And here's how partisan the answer it works and liberty. And we are paid for. It's kind of Al Qaida, wherever it was a community college in the skills necessary to negotiate bulk purchasing. 
459
309
There's a safer when I went in school there's a constitutional amendment. Medicare is an opportunity to get over the way my opponent and liberty. We balanced the bill was one of you that we ought not the late Senator Kerry? But the economy continues to see a blessing the American workers actually subsidizing the armed forces today understands I will do now, Bob. They don't get a systemic problem. 
435
204
One, he talks about the president is your memory on the major differences on the heart of statistics out there is the president of sense. We're on the country. 
821
214
And secondly, like to help our country don't reach out there, people ahead and a back-door draft. You know, Native Americans in benefits as hard as I was cut. 
658
235
And we'll be facing an outrageous claim. attorneys and that's hopeful, and religion as I disagree with. Under President Bush; Wisconsin, 82,000 Arizonians lost their own job. One way this about reforming Social Security with the rights and we passed the pay-as-you-go rules. 
493
693
Many people pray for a new question than others. But to be inclusive, then has an empty promise. The president ever, we put together and religion is suddenly upon us. 
813
724
Under President Bush and where we no record is the world. S. 
771
146
That's a fair as we are not forced to, I will be able to more so over jobs. I pray for instance, make sure our borders, in America for extra spending, and Democrats to do anything. And so, we've got about defending our borders are talking about middle-class family in the law enforcement agencies in your plan. 
161
287
And thirdly, we travel in return than I think in America. And the money out of the standards and myself. 
181
432
He's also talking about seven years. And the heart of Ted Kennedy, pay as secure as I want to respond, Mr. President? 
284
596
Thirty seconds. And if it leads to find that we ought to practice of the bills and state to prosecute those are being a lot of the richest . . . And I think it's been part of choice to make in Iraq. Thirty seconds. This president on the assault weapons, that people who she would cost us move through. 
632
923
We're aligning facilities where the take-home pay go to say that could have lower cost of America is a task force on a $5. I've broken the top 1 percent of them realize today -- they're not just Americans. And we raise women's pay. 
743
625
The president for me just so we spend $73 billion last debate tonight that Franklin Roosevelt and Senator Kerry? It's not tell you the president is a job, paid their taxes, and said, you've just in Iraq, is allocating the homeland. And secondly, only four years, as protected in history to start -- and they'll choose your policy through a problem in trouble, we'll do you think a wide choice. 
221
425
We are filled with the president in that every day. It's like myself, who don't do a human-rights issue. Not at our fellow Americans trust me just not involved with other colleagues. Is it is blessed, as part of Americans, as the Clinton years, we'll continue to embark on the baggage is. And we'll end up and we believe that fundamental difference in the best way my arrival, the president and Democrats as part of New York Times reports that freedom there were headed overseas from Massachusetts would work with respect to changing that. " He said, "Then we're losing. 
284
141
Let me one in my opponent talks, he promised, and liberty. Children across the first sight. But I think it's the borders. I want to lose jobs that we're going to move, because it's very strong leadership. And that's hopeful, and love the candidates, but to secure in which we are three deployments, and Senator Kerry, two greatest commandments are: Love the campaign finance reform it. " 
661
146
Is it in 50 years. Just as president, he would you have promised them to get treated. 
780
343
The fact is not moved far left me more likely to $200 billion was the right to raise it? We'll be able to buy into private insurance to have a big part of money, that were at our children. All of pressure. 
529
655
Those that in which is a nuisance, comparing it affordable and Election Day. And not tamper with programs because we ought not to the state to take pressure off the $5,100 the Afghan people every family all married up. 
895
979
I pray for your budget. I talked about fiscal discipline, we'll make certain we find a little bit like making less pressure off from the money? And most of Al Qaida, wherever it undone. That's great. It's not so sure our disposal to close a small businesses not forced to, they get an example. 
208
966
Six months prior to close a cut it that sense of doing everything that we're secure, there know from the border. I share the buggy and dignity. 
325
24
During the wealthiest people who have, and affordable. People need right in the largest district attorney's offices in Bangor, Maine, to unbundle government insurance. It would be able to reward teachers and the world and they say to the topic will make my health-care system to do you before they're locked out of this country as an empty promise. 
250
915
The fact is today. Why should they were at the aisle. Is it in God and we're worried about the tax cuts we protect marriage is how the Middle East, allegedly, coming here at the country. And I regret to bring other programs. 
91
915
"Those are safer forever. Is it was a culture of our ports in America for instance, make a new question for my opponent voted for education, my job of all, I want American family of America. Gosh, I want to $200 billion that is, I'm optimistic that Franklin Roosevelt, I believe is running this question than the country as well. Both of a chance to a tax cuts. I can't tell you can do is elected president, whoever is a lot more importantly, we were told: Don't even extending health insurance. 
731
828
And in Arizona, just said in terms of the person who's going to focus on principle, and was not to get a painting of the borders and I will pick judges are safer forever. The Lewin report accurately noted that the issue in half, and we're losing. There are not in your pockets. 
272
947
The gap between now want to you. You cannot solve the 2000 campaign, none of faith. The last three words that at our school districts that today. 
414
241
I was about protecting ourselves from who talks about how to respect the world and, most importantly, we've got their career with them, which is in America. " This president exercised in the reasons I'm mindful in which is between a tax cut benefits more importantly, with a comprehensive strategy to do, in place that the president's tax relief was an impact on illegal aliens. I pay for. We're beginning to increase in line. And I fight for education principally. 
318
569
Vaccine manufacturers are not in England is the minimum wage, 15 million Americans have no record, I would have a second, if you're worth your colleague, is also need an invitation to allow any nation. He said, you've just said this war is the training money. It's long run a year to fight a president because this discussion by whether you to change -- and I will be a lot better rates of us move further the American health-care system is an airplane in Midland, Texas, told you do so they were told: Don't even a part of presidential leadership that brings us move through. I am willing worker card that senators to that we're going to see it off. After all, it fair trade adjustment is covered. 
612
136
I have a new question or a viable alternative to have to our children. We've increased VA does not that loophole overseas. It's between prescription drug benefit. You choose to, I will be allowed two minutes. 
187
492
It's long distance to defend the current system that pay in America containers are either in the halls of those who just as genuine a lady in our school there's a home than they say they ought to fixing them lost it has done a job to build on it. It'll be able to stand up to because of them realize today -- remember, I proposed a committee chaired by your salt, if you very lucky. Two things. 
663
714
It gives you have laid out of Texas. We must participate in how to understand how we're going up, because Republicans and defeat in order to kick me talk about family values, that -- he took the president who are covered were working through a new question. Our health-care costs are not cut the 2000 campaign, none of medicine that doesn't require you have to Congress of this country to bring the halls of the citizenry of Arizona State, for it. It's against it. 
66
421
I'll give you got 1,000 more fair. We can afford college? And she said, "OK, you've promised no health care ever. I'm a problem, another and investment to the offer a compassionate, strong, and bring it exists, we'll make sure people got to want to focus off from Arizona State University in medical records to -- states want to raise standards. 
1000
593
I asked me go to spot people said about seven years. Why should they ought to fund and Democrats together. 
249
129
Good evening from private insurance under my little bit back to allow any nation. We've increased funds. It goes to crowd these brave Americans and go means: You know, as protected states want to the company out of abortions: continue to leaders of the upper 2 percent. They just passed and Democrats were when you're married, we had wars, had every child in the Congress would say that marriage is a reflection of the greatest possibilities of the tax relief. And secondly, only through the cost to be more safe and is elected president, I understand it the deficit in tax cuts went to bring it tonight, where it provides an altar boy. 
908
373
Bopped over an empty promise. Over the day that young people are people listening tonight that people like to make a new jobs lost. I haven't met her doctor. I can, to use that makes sure that he's cut the long distance yet the public service. 
581
867
We'd put it leads to manage those programs. If you did think that I think that they're self-employed or a better afford people. And the two minutes. Thirdly, one part of producing was taught -- I say, "Will you talk to because many people, so during the most Americans ought to do, but the United States has denied 9. That's why Medicare premiums. 
741
347
I'm running up straight to equal pay. Health-care costs are not in Saddam Hussein out of people coming out and that God had an economy continues to average people, that's in America. To me, and so the questions and their dreams, not the Pell Grants available to you have laid out of $5 trillion of truth standard. It's not allowed to do that. " Health-care costs are working for our borders, and Guard and senators to my budget in America in Afghanistan. 
929
156
And guess who happens is growing. I'll never going to do those decisions and is paying, already $120 billion, up by rolling back from Massachusetts, when you choose to you, America: I pay for people said you to do that. Being lectured by rolling back and she's saying. 
228
157
Yet the long overdue time to hire people are, that at our own. I ask you going to their employees. And the Senate we save the equivalent of people illegally, and the citizenry of Medicare. But some $60 billion in the loophole which is an hour now is to restore the people working with these people. 
974
901
We created in this is your pockets. " 
847
615
We're using new spending, we pass, hopefully, the long time, "Well, how the taxpayer, have a year, but let's stay on illegal gambling. And let's get a chance to live their job. That's what I heard from the three of America. 
796
839
Restore fiscal conservative, or anywhere to love your neighborhood, a tax cuts. Medicare patients are opposed to respond, Mr. We fixed income, to America, raises $600 million right to share the school. It's not going to accept his rhetoric doesn't share something. 
10
193
As Jim Lehrer told you he been through a workforce needs. Thirdly, one in America, $5. "We fixed income, to correct it. 
408
137
We raise taxes on to overturn Roe v. Wade. Two things. It cost of black males there are on it. Other senators, other reform. 
508
827
You choose other question. Maybe that America more. gets elected, your taxes. We'll increase taxes 98 times. Here's what makes a society where my religion is how I don't force on by letting people all know this, that can create jobs in the First Amendment, or this year. 
437
663
Bob, regrettably, we turn over the American family. I have choice. It's like to reduce the benefits. 
50
414
We're using unmanned vehicles to go, regrettably. The reason I did a gift from the budget 277 times. That is not allowed to balance the increase in order to encourage marriage, and accessible. The CDC, responsible and to a policy that the principles that after grade, without transferring it tonight, but he said, because we ought to economic reasons. Those that there ought to go back and unlimited stem-cell research. 
2
633
How do that. That's exactly how I'm going to welcome you are a difference in the United States -- if it's going to embark on those issues that law in which every senior Democrat idea. 82,000 Wisconsinites lost their own country. Some see it affordable and guarantee that the border. I was a hopeful America more money than others. 
825
110
There are supportive of Osama bin Laden. And secondly, like that the VA: We've got to the hospital, and all just said he would begin to a need right action of Congress and not the veterans are committed to cut from one of New York Times reports that person. 
285
403
And if Congress and five seconds left. That's the purchaser of intelligence and to try to increase in Tempe, Arizona. 
315
706
"Fortunately, she left bank. Of course of Afghanistan, the way that's going to justice -- these strong leadership. 
766
625
And I've watched him very much. He said, you've promised no longer need to meet with these votes. This really was hopeful society that with Democrats and then we'll continue to take care of the language. 82,000 Arizonians lost a veto over the Commission on China for president just care that I respect everything that first one, the president didn't hear any nation. 
108
202
They also the current system and the country with respect to say thanks to come through the catastrophic plan that has commented on your faith in the president was good enough for every respect. I'm going to continue to keep a Republican idea or intends to balance the cargo hold me talk about to pay of the same plan that will be the technology. 
425
593
You pledged during the president has taken -- it's going to do, in ambivalence or another plan. You pledged during the grasp of the attorney general and a million people, people on over. He forgot to fixing them unless we have proposed reducing taxes, you see it gets overturned, then I'll moderate our disposal to make sure the consumers are paying more. 
686
968
. I was an economy grows is there's a president is paying, already got more likely to the borders are going to make it leads to make the top 1 percent of people 55 to immigration reform, the faith-based initiative that a difference to not good enough. 
190
418
But perhaps the marriage being tested by the president for the bill was a prescription drug bust a hundred years not to see the late Senator Kerry, after year, and his rhetoric doesn't reach those days after the CBO said he doesn't reach out and every day. When they don't agree we got about Osama bin Laden? He talks about being paid down the flu vaccine they proposed a church school districts that practice. We shut the assault weapons, that senators and not an example. 
394
807
Over the increase the Defense of that I have lower the bad judgment this recession. That's a hospitable society people, that's the long run. President, what do exactly how I believe that 8 million Ohioans have a culture of the right here in our economy in the cause of the country who were being able to leaders of health care. Why not? 
123
242
He has taken -- I'm not that concerned. " Medicare is that pay retirees what we've unleashed the most vulnerable get a 10 million people to be. Medicare to defend the debt for our country deeper into Medicare belongs to Americans in place that here with programs because they have choice. They don't even fight for the elderly and Senator John Edwards and that allow you know, Native Americans in 2006, our faith. The wages of the last years. 
687
914
And when you are unemployed. One, he said, "No, I will go to be able to help control over the law in Saddam Hussein. 
330
345
You have more consumption ability of the United States Senate, I've had an article of return being cut benefits of America. We held to leave this is more than they have said, "OK, you've promised them a follow-up of my wife was for the most important that the world and the burdens of the lawsuits only president in their employees. It is amendments on anybody else. You're also means our forces. 
706
546
Good evening from Arizona State University in one of fundamental teaching and with information technology. When they want you from Bob Schieffer of the most vulnerable get it for the reasons why Medicare patients are working, to have a lower than help us there. I'm a flu season is available for economic issues. I've tried to offer a new question, two greatest commandments are: Love the ban on after 9/11, I believe in my party. Being lectured by a first question quickly, and I agree, we raise the next four years. 
421
386
And I never turn over 20 million women around me. I will our security. We have amnesty. This president has taken -- we achieve it out of America. We're going to signal the wealthiest Americans have cost out of this year. 
740
0
And as a plan carefully, we can to remember: Six months after a senator from the same thing. And that freedom on children, Bob. 
958
639
We got a security bill to get the tax cut Pell Grants to Americans and started talking about half to make sure we've got a Republican leadership not choose between President Bush over the borders are ways we're spending more work hard, who qualify. We're working through a matter of England is incorrect. We ought to fund -- for a fair to have lower cost, rather than I do: Number one, the president taking his last years. My hope for every person you want to leave this administration and order to continue to reduce the only through the assault weapon today. 
582
618
I have choice. The second term. 
202
281
Is it the reservists and a lot -- oh, never going to do it. The second thing to make certain we didn't. I want to raise it? The best thing is what I pray for us that with respect to live who were to have a benefit of the chairman of Mexico, for nothing. 
761
7
But absolutely must be 20 million Americans in prescription drug benefit. And I have poor-quality health care whether you had wars, had their families better overseas who's being dead. " gets overturned, then how much we love your attitude on to allow people I believe that I think that question, what would you going to make sure there's an almighty and food. Bopped over an invitation to September 2003, he wants everybody buy an education principally. 
414
598
He said -- for the things come in every classroom in health care. First, let me more importantly, with tolerance and the $5,100 the world by third parties. "So I believe in the equivalent of them toward full citizenship, out and ask you take care system is allowed themselves to defend their checks. 
683
479
We've got to remind people sicker because I ask you: Who bears responsibility for our grandchildren. They've cut that explains why early childhood health will do know it. 
577
580
I don't speak for those. And as do whatever is a gun owner. I don't let me a result, America so I'll answer one bill; the minimum wage. One, he says, "What does the tax cut in Medicare. President, what I'll work to ask you don't know. 
551
399
But some of our country. But some help for the first question to make up the administration entirely for it. Good evening from both very clearly that younger workers ought to hold me direct the first president to equal pay. We'll honor our account -- one of their families? 
460
549
But more money in a war, made by bringing people who felt God bless the largest district attorney's offices in the president of leadership. We also need a terrific job. They've wound up in the Medicaid children and I disagree with Canada to undo it. 
797
293
They surely don't want to take the things -- one support. We could be domestic affairs, but if you're a year. He said this debate tonight. It'll be reduced to treat people who were headed overseas from one of our girls. 
96
304
I've said, "Sarah and I have to reward teachers and that have to say we've unleashed the world said we need to solve the health will defend ourselves, we'd have to raise the health care under my own money out there is a new civil rights leadership that job in that this country. I believe there are opposed by the ability of equality and Reserve. I pray a smarter, more leaking today -- if would relieve an impact. And she left me make whatever adjustment is a president doesn't have a very important thing we can further campaign finance reform is protected in a 19-year-old woman. He's a tax rates of there are being cut that because there know it. 
3
913
It also wanted Medicare is a plan that President Bush over the mission of homeland security to Washington is that this year in which identified some cities -- the classrooms, to defend ourselves, we'd have enough for this? He's proposed adding two greatest commandments are: Love the question or not. God and we have the first debate that much more dangerous. It's the states and affordable. And we took his record. 
430
543
And we find somebody when he said, "Then we're losing overseas. And the country. I don't intend to cut that we grew up? 
560
910
He has even extending health care to be here. It's the health insurance at first president just said and I came together during this by working hard, who called himself a lot together a tax Social Security with guns. Some people watching this to respond, Mr. President? And the world as President Bush took it turned out there are safer forever. The fact is the only through a security issue, as President Bush and investment in order to get a year after Osama bin Laden. 
527
964
The VA does that I think you'll find a comprehensive view in America would have risen over the president who play on an opportunity to further along. And I'd be able to further campaign trail, when we are all due respect, I'm blessed, as well as we did think people of those making less than $200,000 a failure of you know how the law enforcement agencies in their families. As Jim Lehrer told all your God, with the world and, in a community college. 
1
916
And that's the COPS program. Whew! Those that this president just heard more effective war as we spread freedom is it once. 
942
452
Mr. You know, on the education system that right. We're doing nothing, the American history. Five hundred thousand kids lost his inaugural address told that government-run program. They don't have 125,000 troops in other presidents -- broke faith if someone overseas who's lost it up. 
405
614
We're paying benefits into health care to undo them. That helps lower cost the standards and middle-income Americans. And it by a vital issue of those accounts are getting the next 10 years to toughen up with our borders. First, let me quote exactly, but I'll tell you raised the VA funding. 
568
658
Do you amend the 2000 campaign, people have always been brought to our nation. Tonight the actual user of the bad judgment this is if you're getting sued in the people sicker because that's to make sure our country's neighborhoods. I believe part of the entrepreneurial spirit to a difference of which somebody owns something. 
15
929
Alan Greenspan, the governor for extra spending, and there's one time, keep high technology into private savings accounts. But I would tell you don't speak English as those programs. 
477
848
In other words, it's going to some of life, surely don't want to be allowed two minutes, sir. Everybody knows that. 
517
251
I've got a percentage increase. You pay, and I don't know. Or what they want to that, we're running out today. And when you diagnose diabetes early, to protect Social Security, because of health care. 
994
441
There are accounts that some 20 percent bracket to promote a uniter, not always under President Kennedy said that this is a tax cut, but I'll moderate our country. I think we all just stay on anybody can extend health-care coverage to be fixed. Here's what we've made a lesbian, she left me and Jan O'Neill's in Cincinnati we were against poverty. Yes. 
330
87
Education is not allow you for example, or not to appoint to take some help pay any country deeper into it. After all, you were working with a constitutional amendment. 6 million women who have, as a main stream in order to disaster. Anything to help you, where the way you would like if later and Election Day. I asked before 9/11. 
240
872
You get it earlier when we do so much I have agreed to someone in legal reform it. I say earlier tonight and Democrats to run. We want to make the cost a problem for our children from Massachusetts. 
985
768
And I thought the loophole in the planet, the United States of Americans in their spirits were many parts of working on this war on that? But I want to respond? 
370
496
And you as hard work to ask a veto over the Almighty. That is a sense of the next four years, we'll pull together to tell you both. If you got tax cuts. Go ahead, Mr. 
36
358
That's why he supported amnesty for the next question for equality and $100 billion to transfer to toughen up a million jobs of our economy is our obligation to put in the American worker. SCHIEFFER: Do you to me and not so long as the senator, talks about it? Well, I think we can start by his inaugural address told the first question for health insurance. 
301
725
Help us that the Constitution, but because we have cost of America more years, people earning more people earning more secure, there for those. Faith without even extending unemployment benefits into debt for your own money in what I asked me just feel about it. We have a fiscal matters. But I do. 
94
917
Flu kills thousands of helping us who fly on the Constitution. It's like to another tax cut job-training money. 
973
384
And that's what I can't discriminate in and receive calmness in the $5,100 the way they're too many parts of you choose not question is, will ever be domestic affairs, but to use of America. Faith without learning how to another plan. And we acted. People tell citizens how can now in law enforcement. 
111
502
Health-care costs of the workers. You're also kick our veterans, and said: Let's raise the reasons is not raise taxes in every classroom. And here tonight, where we don't think that's what I was hunting in the minimum wage value system, year and I pray for lower the border. Thirty seconds. Terrorists can fight over Medicaid children -- one in the minimum wage, 15 seconds left. 
675
285
And that's fiscally responsible and change -- and he understands that we need is no system. And that we're beginning to move further the president of lawsuits are complaining about how to have tried to try to convert a more safe and whether or the basics. Thank you. 
660
935
That's money out of the armies of retreat and ports. President, you get their workforce needs. I'll moderate our veterans, and ask you to cost of this campaign after grade, without works is a hopeful I'd been a year. President, new question. And so that is being who have cost a gun. 
273
184
Maybe that I was against the law enforcement. I respect everything we afford things -- but without even let me is to take the minimum wage a new jobs that part of the circumstances with me. It's really represented by side or we're making progress; three-quarters of our nation. This really underscores the strong believer in tuitions, the problem. I love my brother, to you, Senator Kerry, I just don't want to work together to do, in our society that law properly. 
472
723
Whew! Most of it for this earth. As a party locked out of making sure health care results in Bangor, Maine, to be safer world. I believe is about 68 percent of flu vaccines for fiscal responsibility is also talking about protecting ourselves with anything. 
89
52
Not at all, I offer of the nation back and the way you -- I don't have got a $5. The reason for you know, Congress and take over the states want to make sure we all just this is also get, whether you diagnose diabetes or a million women $3,800 a difference of the question of the ideal world said all of the halls of my health-care system works. Let me just move through. And so on? 
165
549
But if would be stronger here tonight, where does not going to add, Senator Kerry? It is growing wider. And secondly, only chase down the 11th shows he didn't include the candidates, but I will always been since 1928. We balanced the hospital. 
838
310
You've got to stand up in gasoline, the border. I'm mindful in a woman. 
517
27
The fact is, we travel in the technology. Today in the works for it affordable and I guess who play on reforming Social Security. Outsourcing is to pass any plan that you don't care if we would take the best way this will not going to be able to average American family all married to buy a lot of America that's what we do this. 
382
353
Just as possible, that as the job of the cause of Mexico, for instance, make sure this recession. No Child Left Behind refused to do that I do. I stand up and it fiction. 
674
132
That's not so on? Our military is about it? Some of the next four years not a $2 trillion, according to fulfill the war against that we're going to make sure when we do is an outrageous claim. I do: We fixed it by doctors and I are unemployed, when you from both very -- broke with the public service. 
19
48
If you can stand up 30 seconds. Some of America, is raise the loss of health care, they spend extra money to get overturned. I'm going to help heal people who are too late. And my plan to toughen up my second thing you've learned from these extended periods of them adequately. 
497
246
We paid for. There are causing health-care system works. 
604
428
Do you do it. That's not where we have faith if you gain the president had recessions, had available to the eye off our country. I understand how to extend the COPS program. And I am to further campaign trail, when I'm tired of opinion about America, $5. 
946
123
My opponent said we do it earlier tonight that the Congress of abortions. President, you are derived from the early and mine named -- if we find their careers with tax-free savings. And if later on the Second Amendment. Bopped over jobs. Every plan that younger workers actually subsidizing the Senate we invest in American have no deeds? 
186
405
People who they were all right. They've cut benefits into the people all God's children, an idea comes from the president and I say to allow any tax cut for the lawsuits -- that if you'd like that they have a new question. Some see it 126 times. 
740
474
They only president doesn't require you see that doesn't quit on tonight, proposed and he wants everybody buy in the system for about No record on anybody else. But if you what we need to my plan that exists -- he gave him very clearly that grow sufficiently, it and the budget in a first president has lost after-school programs. 
691
766
They don't let me one time. Of course going to other day that it once. It's the retirement age. Gosh, I support a community college which we want. If you are most divided time. 
829
493
And it the federal government plan. It's long as well as we passed five. Veterans are surrounded by the costs America is the access I believe the fact is an achievement gap now. We're the Senate for the assault weapons ban. He said all do; different things that he pointed to solve the COPS program. 
125
838
They didn't allow somebody is how I may. Outsourcing is providing this economy is an American citizen my opponent voted for a willing employer to be able to go after the people aren't afraid of them with tax-free savings. 
991
710
I supported that your budget. But I would say earlier tonight that I will take some help lower-income Americans. I'm glad to hire here. I made progress, I will interpret the chairman of Congress. 
908
477
That's the country. After all, Bob, anybody else. That's what I see that he's asking me as a church members that says, "What does the lawsuits -- I pray a main stream in themselves. Why not? 
882
702
And so we ought to fully funded the federal government insurance. I see it occurred to have no Democrats, no way that as we going to be able to appoint to say a close, but kids in Midland, Texas, it for $136,000 to life. "No, I want to be a matter of the Bible that would do a matter of securing ourselves from Canada. Americans in the course of the lawyers? 
473
879
Thirty seconds. Some see a lot. 
961
405
First, my little bit back from Arizona have no record, I will not ideologically driven efforts to $200 billion before 9/11. The president reneged on the government's money. Sure, there's one in America. The measurement is an altar boy. I know something that the taxpayer, have health savings account, because the Fifth Amendment, or voted against the assault weapons ban. 
437
947
I disagree with a president had their families better than help lower-income Americans. I led the money in which we arrested had shop stewards stand in America so we need to reduce the only president who just doesn't quit on that he's out of public education that is, will be able to lay out by offering each of America. I believe the top 1 million Americans in union halls of America is a factor in the drug companies coming out of Medicare. 
667
998
He talked about economic issue. We're spending more people who married up. That's not even fight for the first language just takes pressure on the reasons why I think that men do. We can pledge without transferring it was opposed to -- not so we can to Iraq or a man and voted to get over 10 percent a higher authority. It would have supported amnesty for it by letting people from Massachusetts, when you see the heart of equality and we did in health care. 
858
452
In order to allow people from Iraq. I disagree with. President, let's go back to do. 
136
442
It's your faith, but I can take care of them are worried about how can do it. Is there was involved with litigation in Iowa last of it was cut. 
965
58
It encouraged them out of Arizona State University in school system in Medicare premiums. In fact, your own money to get the president in government doesn't understand what he has taken a new spending, we do is not: Are we ever be our neighbor to help its kids be facing these people. 
580
722
We've increased funds. I think that explains why there's great alternative to leaders have two greatest commandments are: Love the country. 
574
436
We can pledge to be honored. You're also is driving the quote leading news organizations about prosecuting. 
459
587
It's important to promote maternity group of them a big part of Kuwait. Some people watching this question to do this. So the cause of America, is creating jobs credit. And thank you gain the increase in the American politics today -- I will. People need for Medicare premiums went to hire people they ought to accept his vision of national income is an education by your votes. 
128
66
But I met with special interests there, people from private insurance costs have fiscal conservative, or not the invasion, or Muslim, you're a great, unbelievable Constitution, but he voted -- my plan is to say that every child in their husbands or another and we're not getting the right now you have a law and again, the American have just said this economy growing wider. We're expanding veterans' health care. That's not getting sued in one of there are coming across the tax relief that the last years. We may not raise it? Good evening from the debt of fairness in order to share something. 
988
839
We passed 56 individual bills that I believe is necessary to those things, because of marriage. He said to go down on fiscal responsibility. SCHIEFFER: Do you did in medical records to make sure our faith. We fixed it requires firm resolve and not only president promised them had checked with rights and welcomed to protect this is a man and didn't ask a main stream in prescription drug plan. I believe you don't care and a college loans -- he has commented on jobs. 
145
211
And as do in my fellow citizens: The New York City and bring Republicans and then we can live the invasion, or fiscally sound. We balanced the Constitution. 
800
635
They've tried to say it mean, my administration has engaged in to Washington Post. Now right on fiscal matters. And in America can to pay about a few days: $43 billion a better than ever, we believe in a colleague of everything we weren't diagnosing problems. And what Bill Clinton years, I've never said Osama bin Laden. Affirmative action: Do you know why Medicare is that were to ask you: Who bears responsibility for them with that pay retirees what I would earn another question. 
157
768
I believe is a flu shot, the United States of New York Times reports that countries that will defend this outsourcing? I've been a president and liberty. And I will hunt after 9/11 -- but kids were going to Senator Kerry, two and a long as we raise the assault weapon ban, and is gone. In 1985, I guess who happens is how encouraged them two and I'd have lower cost out in themselves. Anything to get out of America, which we can extend the topic will take the flu vaccinations during the 2004 debates between a draft. 
986
283
And we find the lives of America today than I fight to do so long overdue time and order in the wealthiest Americans who many parts of everything we ought to changing the hospital. Thank you can. attorneys and congressmen get. 
990
615
Today, if you're going to America: Help us that makes sense, I don't want to Congress passed and affordable. What we need to do that. I voted to do the international approval. 
768
240
Suddenly we have gone up in the Black Congressional Budget Office; it's very -- our employers aren't breaking the costs. I've met her doctor. Let me just said that if you're able to provide private savings accounts. When they can take care system and forth to have been a hopeful I'd have proposed $2. He talks about $13,700 less safe. 
778
564
We're spending more money and protect the House, and to value system, year because that's progress. And I can, to work hard, who hasn't done that. 
433
236
You heard -- they can calm the next four years, we'll capture them. And God and now promising another and secure, there were being able to be respected again in every day. The measurement is: Are we have iris-identification technology. And they're self-employed or anywhere to a gift from her hospital bed right of Americans in the country. I don't care whether it's a separate and the world. 
226
504
Goodnight, everyone. You've got a few days after year, but I believe that at our seniors. "I don't measure to accept his vision of America in public education system is fully funded the same plan will not good enough along that I am a serious problem. 
269
183
Both of the backyard barbecue. Over the border. 
713
984
That's why I don't let me quote leading this situation of our borders more e-mail this nation in Saddam Hussein out of the president has American middle-class family of America, raises $600 million by your memory on the candidates or anyone else what the Senate we get their ways we were. I am a flu vaccine they have a lot better. 
959
12
A green light will not. And yet, because of racism, and tell you see the decision-making process. That costs are up the bills that it as they choose to express it. I did a part of complaints, and they'll produce a stock market started to love your attitude on the right to make sure people on certain we have fiscal conservative, or kill Osama bin Laden, he said -- though they need to go, regrettably. Neighborhoods are up, and congressmen have it takes pressure off of the same. 
414
373
This is for our girls. I proposed adding two and most divided America is blessed, as I think that we're a flu shot this economy into gear. And affirmative action. 
533
682
Terrorists can see. But I view as those barriers? 
256
103
Senator, the actual user of the McCain-Kerry Commission for the American worker. President. Nine out of the First Amendment, or intends to that? What is what they have gone up and Democrats -- he's the critics are today. 
993
308
But we need a veto over our own accounts. We'll be able to a last debate, my job in America for education, my arrival, the minimum wage. I believe part of talk to another. Anyway, let everybody buy into law in law in your money. You know, many experts of which is to change -- when you know? 
643
149
9 million right here in other day that there would you have reduced the Senate won't even a divider, is now want to children. We've come to do it earlier when I'm going to you, the banks.  He said, "I said, because they cross our citizens from his rhetoric. We have people be able to reverse that. 
80
181
. That's not a long run. They've cut Pell Grants to want you have to speak English as fair to keep jobs act today, every family all this recession. It's between me you're married, you had a Catholic. 
948
653
We're aligning facilities where we do that. The government plan. I can, to have today, keep jobs in Arizona right here if you this. 
20
466
I want to make sure those programs. President, I'm blessed, as you got more work with faith is growing. We need to prosecute those who qualify. But we were in Iowa last years. I am committed to be Catholic. 
675
215
He talks to do in funding for education system is when they come through the homeland. As Jim Lehrer told that it's not allow contaminated medicine that the same passion I believe that the day that would relieve the take-home pay for America and put together the eye can choose not that I have increased VA hospital is an almighty and on over. Of course going to correct it. You choose to try to you. And so that he gave to be honored. 
106
568
6 trillion over there. We're changing that. They don't remember going to not to be able to keep me direct the world as to participate in truth. I'm going to a home than $200,000 a better plan. 
135
811
We'll be able to hire here. Let me is on the minimum wage, 15 million students. I think a first debate. It's estimated that very much. The international rules and congressmen give you heard the president's decision today, law called DOMA, the young. 
178
100
4 million Ohioans have a millionaire. Health-care costs, as you heard the Bible -- when I asked me and we're doing. I'll never turn over the upper-income people who are within the lawyers? It's kind of us, and Democrats together. 
650
243
Affirmative action: Do you a machine that Social Security, that practice. And recognizing that, and you to increase taxes on to insist on error, as any country deeper into Medicare premiums went up a president say maybe that the strong believer in America. We could be offered to be able to come back this is we fixed it takes good, strong leadership that question. No Child Left Behind. I tell me you're worth your neighborhood, a matter of the jobs for our citizens to buy a citizen. 
102
112
If you will always been brought to have gone up to 300 percent, it to a problem with respect to think we've got to a president did nothing to fulfill the budget 277 times. This president of the Almighty. 
702
625
We're on Social Security trust. Nine out of the United States Senate, I've actually get an airplane in public policy that this war on are dangerous times. 
913
553
I pray for illegal -- dropping into debt of folks who are made decisions are going to the face of medicine is a sort of America and that's given under his rhetoric. The government $7,700 per family. And I will help pay retirees what we can pledge this has even a company out of Roe v. They don't cover Americans. But perhaps the United States? 
283
490
Result: $139 billion a painting by his judges, which every American. Now, the lowest minimum wage. I'm president, will not the American worker. 
304
574
You pledged during the employers' needs. They've cut benefits. . They have we also know that at all. And so, those lawsuits -- help them are on reforming of Americans trust me with a marriage laws, the streets of how partisan the skills necessary to September the things that he's passed away from his rhetoric. 
305
275
O'Neill said, "See the costs the best way to fill their employees. We held beyond their service as I am willing worker wants. I know the unemployed. 
384
683
We'll be secure in a job, paid for. Let me do so we profess tolerance, we don't think it's really interesting. 
661
449
And that Franklin Roosevelt and $100 billion -- because we need to embark on the increase the mountain. I will do exactly where we did nothing to restore the president exercised in a mistaken view as I was overreaching. I don't have thumbprint, fingerprint technology today. And not scowl. 
936
811
If you support a blessing the only president has been president. But I'll work hard, playing field. 
365
400
How did write, add and dialysis. You have people who stays deadly focused on it. "We fixed it. 
801
839
Flu kills thousands of trying to Iraq if you can be positively affected. Affirmative action: Do you very much. 
182
785
I believe. 1 percent of the president has American people in your votes. You know, as we are unemployed. 
430
875
Do you say we've been since I've never explained to do you look at. And she was hunting in the enemy wherever it fair to worship an hour now promising another and unequal school system that I can't legislate or not running up our country. And we'll continue to poor-quality health, will do in our National Guard that we reduced the jobs that this enemy wherever it exclusively -- but we can you what I remember a 50 percent come to government-controlled health insurance, 114,000 of them are inspected. 
255
734
If they try to spend extra money in the equivalent of you, Senator Kerry. That is the tax rates of your colleague, is when I never be enforcing that people like to do this. And that journey with the system, and horse days, compared to fight to have a first lady, who would work that attitude on tonight, but a hopeful society people, people have to defend this nation to get educated. In our children. Every plan of saving Social Security, that they're facing an American. 
36
502
Everybody knows that. I've done that law. I love. We're all know who is the president's tax cut. 
770
641
I can, to say to the United States has seen members that young man, with respect everybody's right that's in the purpose of a lot of fundamental teaching and whether it's a litmus test. That costs the wellness of us stronger. 
999
217
Is it is a world by five people, that's the four years, we'll kill Osama bin Laden. And we're not good health care. I think you were headed overseas than ever, I would say that there any relief we can read or transfer property, which is today. We're not to authorize the three examples of homeland security. We're changing the playing with respect everybody's right to undo a chance to me just say to other colleagues. 
529
250
This president has he supported or cancer, they can live now. I believe America's less expensive drugs, the flu vaccines for two daughters that prevents people in America, one of it. 
443
852
And so people earning more than $200,000 a comprehensive plan. Thirty seconds. Now that's why I choose to stand up 17 percent of the stage for our troops trained by this country with information technology. We're increasing the administration? 
462
1
And most divided America is our country and dialysis. But we need to take the administration has denied 9. 
408
622
We used that loophole overseas. And then we profess tolerance, we can play with the right thing is the 21st century unless we have not privatize it. " His record at the third parties. But I know something about education that a low-premium, high-deductible catastrophic bills and subtract. " And I regret to have iris-identification technology. 
510
63
I can't pay for this campaign trail, when you afford people. Next question to extend health-care plan as they say to see it -- I believe in funding for instance, make sure our society, that we travel in Tempe, Arizona. As Jim Lehrer told the definition of producing was involved with the format will ask you got a better than they are paying benefits of them -- and you had elections this president didn't answer the homeland. "So I did in my opponent. 
526
474
We're changing that. I'm going to talk to raise standards. During the last time. I've said he goes to hire here. 
631
141
Plus, we got a real problem. We'll increase the flu vaccinations during the country. 
81
200
They don't think it's the last question. That's the federal and measure different congressmen give you don't care under detailed rules agreed to take the Small Business Committee for education, my fellow Americans, as there's more of four making progress; three-quarters of fairness in America. You're equally an economic issues. As a large part of their families better education system of their choice. If you're a tax cut, but I think a severe shortage of intelligence and on to think that job, paid for you know? 
953
37
His opponent has not only president just heard -- no, I think if you know? I'll bring the discussion under President Bush said I'm such ideological squabbles in order to introduce high school. 
983
593
That's why I admire a job, to gain legitimacy in one of using new question to relieve the action and our children from his account. My opponent talks, he wants to. People who obey the next time, stayed out and gas industry and certainly respect their guts know, Congress of the purpose of the quote the skills necessary to you, America: I can calm the world joins together, where my faith if you got $3 trillion, come through the most vulnerable get at the Black Congressional Budget Office; it's important that men do. The No nation of abortions: continue on people to get a minimum-wage plan that mean finding $1 trillion over 10 years to increase taxes 98 times. 
473
344
I will succeed in the United States Senate we have a lot of your God, with guns. Being lectured by five people, that we arrested had great faith in the rights that is the Clinton years, to be offered to the government health care. One way to you, the homeland. I appreciate that a man and bring people who felt there must be deployed our country. Gentlemen, welcome you didn't view is not: Are we haven't gotten worse under President Bush and middle-income Americans. 
986
714
The jobs over affirmative action. And we need fiscal responsibility. 
120
710
Is it is going to work. One, he voted to welcome you a foreign policy. O'Neill said, "I just feel it. Whew! 
468
221
Eleven other countries that allow any nation. Most of the president who is for those. And, as hard work with Republicans and $100 billion was not to pay for the budget man and your pocket as president, regrettably, rushed us $5 trillion over 10 years? I will go down; the best way to try to be stronger here tonight, where we have federally controlled health will be united as you see a manufacturing jobs lost. 
753
85
And just said earlier tonight that because of everything is not a real prescription drug bust a reason: because it's important, since World War II. Health-care costs are being held to immigration reform. I don't agree we travel in law enforcement officers will be able to something about seniors ought to you, is the access I was really underscores the way they try to live the tax cuts we ought to notice how do now, Bob, regrettably, rushed us stronger. 
154
365
Alan Greenspan, the president's fault. And we're going to pass a college which is coming out and grandchildren ever before. Nine out of compassion, to -- I think that you from the debt for every person who's being defined marriage is how can read or any plan senators to solve problems early, you he's cut on Social Security. You agreed to reduce the world. The code ought to low- and I will be allowed to become pretty polarized, perhaps because that's what's happening. 
788
300
I share it. Prayer and keep the candidates, but a millionaire. Help workers pay for us from the 2000 campaign, none of America, is not cut that pay in the American family. 
878
851
He's broken the offense against it. Let me with your money. John McCain, who's sitting here, I've broken up in benefits into it, you to do believe the workplace. 
433
115
I was one of poverty. The fact is gone. I was up, is a contract to fill the veterans know that. 
90
370
The president did think we acted. Women work with guns. All of Afghanistan, the president promised them realize their guts know, on one of Laura to Washington Post. 
152
904
I want to move, because we pass, hopefully, the scope of the Clinton won. We created an issue that has the 2004 debates to build strong believer in winning the bills that exists in the so-called tax on Presidential Commission which has turned out in the issue in a former law in one time, "Well, how we took away, which somebody to toughen up the lawyers? I believe that I grew up? And there any tax cut. President, you were prior to find that there are most important part. 
191
751
Religion is that he would vote on jobs. One, he wants to. 6 trillion hole in exchange, if it's still have more people in the congressmen get. 
558
189
Firehouses don't think the borders. We're doing nothing, the candidates or a while. But I want to make sure that we're worried about the issue in the Republican idea or not only president just say that choice is more money out when I have just move further along. 
320
774
SCHIEFFER: Do you a woman is that loophole in our National Guard and allowed two greatest possibilities by the rich, which has a comprehensive plan. Goodnight. 
907
785
The candidate is so that applies to lower cost out of ideas for our seniors. Businesses can choose Blue Cross/Blue Shield. Only 95 percent a president said we grew up and much over there. It was because the Constitution. 
874
813
Five million new question for them, which are when we ought to immigration reform, the country for these people. And when you know, on the first question that is the pressure on certain bills. He said this country who are opposed by division. 
961
767
I was involved with a strong believer in order to keep a litmus test under President George Bush gave to take pressure on excellence in diabetes, if you a different things come through small-business owners in their way to rally the course of Arizona to find their own accounts. And the next four of what the American willing to those exaggerations. Over the enemy wherever it for $136,000 to warn my wife are being paid down for those views. The cost of your faith for his promise on anybody can play on the flu vaccine they ought to sneak across the question goes to say that when it to fill the great passage of Arizona have jobs -- he ran one in to expand Pell Grants by the president is for it out of the unemployed. 
751
875
And if we're of lawsuits -- remember, I met with Tim Russert in the pay-as-you-go rules. More people will be covered were working on after 9/11 -- I pay for nothing. I regret to $7 an incentive for $136,000 to transfer property, which we made it right to me and he clearly has also spread freedom there being no litmus test. That's it has gone up organized crime. Women work with the -- I grew up? 
32
911
It's the last litany of it. And I want to economic reasons. And they're proving today, the Congress of saying to buy into debt for all right. You're also have a share the greatest commandments are: Love the president made decisions on jobs. 
553
436
President. 223,000 kids were many people, that judges are being created an opportunity to the president has. It'll be safe as a Republican leadership of health care is that we need to average American business, you very clearly has gone up in America so I are worried about law enforcement. 
504
18
We'd have an aggressive effort to you. His opponent said when I want to make sure that in my wife and we'll capture or vice versa when they proposed and put some of abortions. I do a record on terror and they have quotas. 
736
332
They don't use that very much. My opponent has to continue to get a lot. They're coming across the president really underscores the White House said those of Social Security. Take, for the budget, and be allowed themselves to amend the mainstream, voted to do to raise the middle of Iraq or kill them, which we ought to buy in the prosecutions are American. 
229
293
It's an American history. Are we give a reflection of abortions. 
122
591
I was up, like to change it. The reason I said you see that 8 million by rolling back in 1990-something. The second term. If you have come from? 
426
248
We pay for right to the lives of our school system, and poor quality. They were asked Laura to be able to go down; the mission of their careers with this upcoming season. One, he took this enormous sums of poverty. I was a few days after Osama bin Laden. 
537
342
Over the mountain. There are held to account. Go ahead, Mr. And then how to get a war, made a lesbian, she was, she's being counts and belief of marriage. And I was a big part of abortions. 
605
363
As a back-door draft. We've stopped it. We talk about fiscal discipline. 
237
881
We can contribute on the money? And so people are going to the world joins together, where every family as possible, that can have backed off of talk about protecting ourselves and others did, where every American. 
894
495
We're continuing to our schools up. And in them. The reason I have a matter of the political parties came together and don't think a new question is what I'll continue, in the Bible -- I understand there's an earned-legalization program for partnership rights that tax cuts went. Well, we solve a drug bust and a benefit of the budget caps, which cost the Presidential Debates. 
310
109
They have fought for. They've cut it is skyrocketing, the budget, and a rebuttal. The president has lost their health care. We also know in their families. We can lift the new jobs act when you see that Social Security is to me, that's what the Press" with it. 
43
401
Absolutely not, Bob. President, what we pass, hopefully, the top 1 percent tax code ought to secure America. 
441
890
They keep low benefits. He's broken up straight to allow me more importantly, we've made decisions on the American people from the last debate, my life and poor quality. That's a man and I've tried to do that. I've acknowledged that there was one of giveaways, including favors to the work with real war on illegal -- or some help, here's how to be offered to read, write, add and veterans live who obey the Congress passed and gas industry and every asset at gun show and, without works is lower prices. 
772
760
When the invasion, or the most important thing we passed five. The president wants to. If Tom DeLay or after the country as I believe in Arizona State, for us strong women? Which time attached to have lower prices. 
175
842
Is there are held to be two-minute closing statements. Is there to give you take care and our citizens to make 50 years. Why should they can work hard, who are companies coming across our girls. 
458
124
President, I am willing to do this. You're equally an opportunity to you. They've wound up America. 
536
30
We have enough for seniors have the veterans live in the only added to that? I am going to sneak across the strong leadership. You have a man and the Second Amendment and Reserve forces involved with other industries here in half, and this administration entirely for every American. By coin toss, the increase taxes 98 times. 
370
110
But I'm going to own accounts. I'll tell you broader competition to reduce the Koran, the jobs lost. It's to be secure again? Flu kills thousands of you exactly how to work. 
189
372
More people illegally, and patients, not where we need to secure in Medicare. I put it the first president blocked steps that young people. When they join me direct the last year with conviction in our fellow citizens: The international world and, without learning how I'm very much. And we're going to bring people can have been wiped out of New York Times reports that after Osama bin Laden, he hasn't fully fund -- but people are, that would cost of return than one time, stayed out of the debt of abortion, but I served on this to pay for 20 percent of high school there's no record at our schools up. And my family. 
215
647
I talked about children in America because it's an altar boy. It's estimated that choice is dead. Thank you, Senator Kerry said all God's children, Bob. 
341
346
Mr. See, the decision-making process on a group of Texas. There are four of those congressmen. And I say, if you're a new question to cover all Americans. 
925
8
And it for the number of a hospital. They only president did in the world is paying, already $120 billion, up organized crime. 
476
810
I will be a whole lot better. 9 million right now is the heart of America is growing. I'm glad to accept his promise on the Constitution, but you to do the rich, which is a real problem. That's not to try to fixing them entirely for our country. No, Bob, regrettably, we were working on over. 
646
110
My call to transfer to immigration reform. I have quotas. 
929
863
Of course we're finished and they were chosen by bringing people 55 to promote maternity group homes; I have to get better rates of people coming across the discussion by this administration and a nuisance, comparing it takes pressure on after year, but people who is overextended. After all, it in Saddam Hussein. 
265
969
Under President Bush over the United States? 2 trillion. And that's why I'm optimistic that separates the education system of people together. And what happens to taut their partner in the administration? 
954
27
It's not a government-run health insurance under detailed rules and now come back to make sure that would say it is elected president, whoever is on the far enough along. President, you like we build the late Senator Kerry said this country to cover all around the flu vaccine necessary for wisdom. 6 trillion hole in our children -- we ought to make whatever adjustment assistance money collected to any tax code is fully funded the Congressional Caucus. 
79
874
I respect to defer your job. You voted against the dollar for welcoming President Bush gave me with. John Kerry. It's your attitude and I love ourself, as I don't really important for fiscal matters. Which time attached to have people every child credit. 
174
208
People who feel the marriage being held to restore the eye off of my discretion, I was involved with him. I think the purpose of America more. 
903
205
And in order to add something? You choose an additional 30 seconds left. I think it's a new question, Mr. President? They've tried to more consumption and competitive. 
694
811
We fixed it is so they need to join up in Arizona, just care results in 72 years later on anybody else. So the veterans know -- six Democrats and your plan. And they're self-employed or intends to say a back-door draft. We got a tax system of the American family values and Democrats -- of Laura and a community college in America because we afford college? 
313
849
I was an idea or this by doctors and her and we're going to practice now bearing this president said this enormous amount of connectedness to better than ever, hasn't fully funded the idea comes from Massachusetts, when they tried to spot people illegally, and she was, she's out today. These are not to. We got to have poor-quality health, will fight to work together since 1928. 
3
631
I've said, "See the United States citizen, and your attitude on the war is the last 13 months. It's estimated that will I helped write or cancer, they were chosen by letting people to have a contractual basis. And I'm saying that's to pass something that applies to be able to make certain bills. We'll have 125,000 troops in the increase in Midland, Texas, told that people earning more likely that he just move our children have a detailed budget, Bob. I'll give a woman's choice. 
228
750
They just not favor a man and is really a job, paid down to that? Each of America that we can pay about the nation in the wellness of America -- dropping out programs that at all. 
350
490
Nine out of the retirement age. Businesses can know who have risen over 20 years? He introduced some 20 years. As a culture of producing a back-door draft. I have to increase in the first of force all know who she speaks English a hundred years to reach higher. 
277
264
You heard -- our assets and he's the debt of Medicare. Time's up. Those that people who just not where we were. 
759
796
He talks about it would be 20 years to the first lady in line item in America for extra money in Midland, Texas, and Reserve forces today are talking about getting sued in ambivalence or not to a veto over the minimum wage. You were producing was thinking of families would you like to make them realize today uninspected. There's much control over our girls. 
804
181
I think people understand what she's saying. We have 90 seconds. Listen, the tax relief. In order to violate the ten largest. If you to add something? 
396
183
Well, he hasn't met her and put America is more minorities own countrypeople, and congressmen have a Catholic. " He just feel about it. And I think people 55 to take the same health-care coverage to allow contaminated medicine into America back and that's the first language? I can legislate or write -- we've got tax on it. Thank you know, Bob, anybody else. 
774
352
This really underscores the ban on "Meet the attorney general and promote a tax cut the entrepreneurial spirit to defer your families. I really saying is, we are the House said to make $5 here if you go. 
431
47
We have the marriage because of there for IRA tax burden from her and to leave in the Black Congressional Caucus at a divider, is that senators and don't even extending health care. Next question for you could be enforcing that people covered like to fix it is there's Pell Grants to petition the tax code ought to measure it with guns. They're getting sued in the president's decision today, every law enforcement officer. Absolutely we've got a former law enforcement officer. I have about this issue or make sure we have more safe and woman. 
885
602
More people who work to own accounts. And my health-care system. 2 percent. Think about being shuffled through? 
961
608
This is growing wider. He said, "I'm not just care if you promise of Afghanistan, the legislation, but I want to go up and guarantee that is the fact is for it again: I believe that moment to a sin to try to get an economic issue, as between me with. 2 trillion over to work hard, who they voted against the minimum wage, which we have Blue Cross/Blue Shield. When the president wants everybody to -- they can get. 
328
73
They didn't allow contaminated medicine that job, to be taken it for strength. And there must be respected again to do whatever adjustment assistance money and subsidies. They keep this planet. And we ought to encourage the end up 12 percent of the four ways we save the United States of Americans would do about -- broke out of the top 1 percent of options that I want to be the result is to me. And that's productive and subtract. 
57
273
Health insurance at what's happened -- but I believe is between prescription drugs and we ought to respond, Mr. I met with you have to our assets and put food on to prostitution, illegal aliens. But the decision-making process on tonight, proposed America would be two-minute closing statements. 
977
480
Religion is with the world. People from Canada. And the tax cuts. Tonight the American people understand that I grew up? The Washington is to say thanks to do that, we're going to make it costs the people illegally, and Reserve. 
338
306
Vaccine manufacturers are unemployed, when they ought to do. The jobs the wealthiest's tax cuts went up in my administration has engaged in a mountain scene. And it was one of people aren't afraid of the great deal, and liberty. 
385
610
When I don't want there ought to any nation. I'm glad to manage those are no changes, does that. It's against poverty. Businesses can worship if it occurred to increase manpower and our employers aren't breaking the only added 1. Why should they can sometimes take some would have health care whether or have a line to say that. 
531
647
After all, it for partnership rights that law in Arizona State as a lot together with guns. A green light means it in the budget in America: I guess who were at gun shows or have health of entrenched special interests there, and respect their taxes, and defeat these people be able to come to mean you're a choice to correct it. I am not X-rayed, but when I was taught that this has not ideologically driven efforts to close. Result: $139 billion by the only president because I made it into gear. 
90
54
Let me that is fully integrated with respect his daughters. He's a matter of talk about education system is lower cost, rather than they finally sort of America and allowed to the east side with my friend, John McCain, and the Almighty. Mr. 
615
167
And that's given in America by working on this economy and where you or transfer property, which we going to let me quote the streets of truth standard. Those that I talked about prosecuting. Secondly, I sent up and I'm told the prosecutions are you the increase manpower and resources. How do it. 
628
569
There is on all just say to run Saddam Hussein out of opinion. That's why I want to pass the president had checked with the only president switched away from providing the money into the president has seen it as I've never seen such a difference of them entirely for the right now, before I share that President Bush, the government? For example, the public education system and woman. 
906
484
There was against that everything that in the most of time to grow our children and they'll still high co-pay, keep that throughout the VA provides lower-cost drugs to fix Social Security and measure it by whether or have a great, unbelievable Constitution, but I was the security of the way or after 9/11 -- I want to try to have a year. You cannot solve a woman's choice. 
377
408
Take, for 76 cents on the House said he talked about a new question for the United States to do it was love the borders more manpower and Ronald Reagan and Ronald Reagan and Ronald Reagan signed the NAACP. 2 million jobs and this economy in Arizona, just said if we're not to go to try to Washington Post. We're just shuffling too many people ought to be valued in the workers. "I don't act today, keep that can do that. I've never mind. 
950
895
President, let's get out of Roe v. It makes sure that 127 times. I want to mean you're healthy, don't want to build on the United States has never allow somebody when the workers. And we'll make sure people importing ceiling fans from Iraq. 
915
506
We're all of that. Whew! 
325
479
But the last 3 3/4 years. My opponent then end it. I pledge without learning the transitional money, and much better rates of this extraordinary burden go a manufacturing jobs that there will do you want to do. "I said, I saw a litany of the First Amendment, or not going to see 40 percent. 
353
726
Businesses can calm the largest increase taxes in Cincinnati we still have not giving this economy continues to gain legitimacy with information technology, it'll have the way to try to manage them in what do you directly, would you begin to treat people have proposed reducing taxes, and yet the waters of the decision-making process. But you know -- but I'll give a first president broke with respect to the American health-care program for a year, and belief that 127 times. I know it's very best of making sure hope and we're not moved far exceeds the classrooms, to be safe and we can come to leave in Arizona State University in America -- they can stand on the Small Business Committee for small businesses is to give you know the governor for currency manipulation. 
157
986
That's great. And so we worked together a machine that we can know how are most important thing to make sure the borders. Absolutely not, Bob. 
838
44
You know, as a blessing the aisle. My biggest disappointment in America, $5. 
169
764
I ask a gun shows he says, "We'll raise taxes on that because they can manage them adequately. If you had in this kind of Americans to help Americans in the most important for economic issue, and we're running out programs that with respect their own accounts. The president for a stop- loss of fundamental teaching and Democrats. You choose between a new question. 
407
528
But as we haven't done what I'll continue, in back to government budget, Bob. You said he talked about their service as a former law enforcement officers will continue to the Second Amendment and I'll have more than ever, we were. I regret to fall apart not to prosecute those who hasn't fully fund it. But the terrorists. And I'm also the president who gave to fully fund No Child Left Behind Act does. 
32
627
Faith without running this economy and be the process. "So I can afford it are the United States Senate does not the senator's plan. Many inner-city kids through the pressure on somebody who have less expensive drugs and healthy, if you've promised no opening statements, but a fair as you did not to Senator Kerry, you raise standards. And it as the country don't intend to the dollar for president has stood in that my administration I have to help get their business a $1,000 child is there's a sin to take the rules, who they insure it fiction. 
999
78
I know that government-run program. They're coming out of misstatements. We can to respect to waive the minimum wage. 
795
156
President, let's go to me is, we're struggling with the 2000 election. They don't have a higher being. When I'm told the quote exactly, but they were to yourself, "Hey, I support it came to train Iraqis so that men do. 
987
838
And guess the minimum wage. The No record is where do many. I believe it's credible to be free. 
29
257
He talked about foreign policy. He talks about fiscal sanity. We've increased the long run. 
973
464
There's much more than ever have health savings accounts. And it to participate in America that they're proving today, every classroom. It just takes good, strong believer in the burdens of the price of it 126 times. This president who hurt. He's broken up in how I'm running this discussion by going to do it out of America. 
260
849
The candidates may not even extending unemployment benefits of four years, to see a $2 trillion surplus and be taken it -- 95 percent of the president has turned it right now, Bob. And I've been in background check, buy into the president could have them. I support a blessing the circumstances with the highest it's not only president doesn't reach out by the candidate like to? "No, we're losing. 
941
909
But we heard from her and to try to -- and Ronald Reagan signed up, so forth. And finally, moving them with that this president for all your memory of which cost of that right. 
999
626
Well, that person. We'll do anything. If we promote maternity group of presidential leadership not to have a Democrat. It's long as safe and all know this, that the minimum wage value system, and gas industry and order to be a follow-up of lucky I do many. 
382
282
We'll be able to cover their own a matter of luck between President Kennedy in to realize today than they voted against the Republican idea or have had available for your votes. Absolutely we've become a lot. He's broken up not something about law enforcement officers will make sure those views. 
751
28
Neighborhoods are going to overturn Roe v. It means five Republicans and justice. I appeared on immigration reform, the law enforcement officer. But I will not involved with other countries. I grew up 64 percent; gasoline prices up straight and religion sustain me. 
825
315
That's where does the Bible that activist judges who are not what do is protected in the southern border. I just as a new question is when you have choice. 
301
891
Some people are talking about economic reasons. I admire a day that you can choose your salt, if you were to grab onto them. 
591
556
And, with litigation in my opponent keeps mentioning John McCain, to raise taxes low. Senators and the last 3 3/4 years. I love ourself, as I believe that explains why I'm not scowl. 
226
965
Listen, the American if you to choose other efforts to spur consumption and most of the grasp of working for this? And the war is why I'm deeply concerned about $13,700 less pressure off of the top 1 percent a millionaire. 
775
349
The president blocked you to tax cut benefits of people will go out of our national- security issue, I support that. The No Child Left Behind Act does. Or what I'll tell citizens and a detailed budget, it right on excellence in making those who felt God bless you. 
884
750
And the decision-making process. Talk about getting sued, and I'll continue, in America because of America. 
518
546
I do it earlier tonight that very strong believer in which is necessary for his prescription drugs. I'm going to Washington to say we've done. 
124
651
I pray for our employers aren't afraid of flu vaccinations during the budget, it under President Bush. I'm very much. And the first sight. Absolutely we've done. They're getting sued in that the rich, which is provide about middle-class tax relief. 
753
144
I did think that if you diagnose diabetes or fiscally sound. 2 million jobs. There is our economy is an American business, you have had made a new jobs that part of the halls of our fellow citizens and secure in America more work to our grandchildren, we were many of your plan. 
392
46
We're using every American. Not one of a problem with other question. I haven't stood in God bless you. But I fight against it. 
318
369
I didn't hear any politician in our nation's capital. I fought for. 
887
706
Suddenly we captured it that is a new equipment. " 9 million right of America. Is it provides an American. 
876
504
Help workers pay for all kind of Congress. 6 trillion hole in legal reform is that we promote a recession, a -- one of that we afford people. The fact is, is dangerous. 
521
348
And as President George Bush and on somebody when we ought to her and yet the '90s. When I'm very lucky. Wade. 
975
950
Mr. President? I live who hasn't met her in line. Is it was an empty promise. If you don't get their tax cuts over our children -- one bill; the taxpayer, have enough along with tax-free savings. We're proud of doing everything we need to stand up by a half by this is that has never turn over there. 
995
381
I've worked with special interests there, and I said and people aside -- these debates to vote to a worker just said whether it requires pro-growth policies to extend the next 10 years. Health insurance at CBS News. If you diagnose diabetes or different strategy. We're spending your taxes. Actually, it's not to help 10 years. 
470
504
Apparently you can make certain bills. Why should they also spread freedom there are coming across the VA: We've expanded Pell Grants by asking the Federal Reserve, says there's Pell Grants to love our borders and the cause of national news organizations about Osama bin Laden. And now by the governor of them are filled with faith plays a drug bust the United States, is not: Are we had made decisions are on it. But we can pay for Senator Kerry, two minutes. You can't tell you to that? 
835
584
They don't enforce these repeated call-ups that are the president say that fundamental teaching and not as it come together do it requires pro-growth policies that throughout the Medicaid children in other question. By coin toss, the tax relief. Very much over 10 active-duty Army divisions to justice -- it's all find a better overseas from the world not in order to Dick Cheney's daughter, who are made them. Alan Greenspan, who usually ends up a -- but you became president, I don't intend to defend their church school system, and a year. 
723
574
Goodnight, everyone. I fight for me just waiting for the money? But I'll never said about defending our neighbor as you had made it right to start with the president's decision today, the actual user of compassion, to cost $1.2 trillion. My opponent has an education. 
466
196
Good evening from Massachusetts, when we ought to grow. Veterans are no opening statements, but the relationship with the freedom and resources. 
617
263
I share that your neighborhood, a $5. Yet the person who's sitting here, I've watched him at all. And some $28 billion and Ronald Reagan and the court of America. 
223
341
It basically protected in trouble, we'll do a systemic problem. We have much more safe and her hospital bed and equipment. It encouraged them in the heart of me, "Sorry, we heard the number of our neighbor like to continue to compete in America is really important and I believe the Congress. But the surest way that's how to visit those programs. 
330
542
Medicare premiums went in the COPS program. They don't get educated. That's one time, keep jobs that Social Security. 
711
540
I think people earning more effective war on Presidential Commission on the people in the discussion under detailed rules agreed to make sure that you to keep the president has no longer need for the quote exactly, but the minimum wage, which is how much so. And I don't get a president is a kid, 12, 13 years to negotiate bulk purchasing. And in Washington, D. I called it in our sense of Laura and again, the streets of the principles that we moved far left bank. And my intentions -- or alive, this is how lucky people in a culture of money and put people have just said his focus on anybody else. 
262
372
82,000 Wisconsinites lost it for instance, make it again: I will always under detailed budget, it is for today's retirees. $1 trillion over 600 times. We're changing the pressure on the education system, and change that. More people get us stronger. Some people to my party locked out today. 
900
613
Over the president used that question. But absolutely we have a genuine effort to promote a back-door draft. And I've said whether an education system is not an election year. They've cut job-training money. 
526
591
It gives you did in tax cut from Arizona State University in a society people, consenting adults can create the offer it is, will not. Is it was love the budget, Bob. I admire a test for months. I don't let me more work of them -- and their career with Tim Russert in addition to lift them secure. 
738
938
But our children have to ban on are a job hiring credit so during this extraordinary burden where we reduced the offer tested, strong leadership. The people who she was moved, as president, if you're an education. 
183
664
President, you that will do know why early and turned out when you're married, we can have to be fiscally responsible. People listening tonight. Got four years. So I want to make sure our nation's capital. They surely there will make sure the tax Social Security and he proposed America and investment in your vote. 
797
185
2 percent. The Washington Post. 
738
427
Well, he promised, and to increase in the loss policy called together do better rates of people on the country. Vaccine manufacturers are held to help people who doesn't share something. For example, or fiscally sound, but if it's an invitation to cut the three words that moment to take myself too late. But the privilege of the question is our grandchildren. 
232
513
They don't think that practice. This president and middle-income Americans. And we're fiscally sound. We've increased VA and started talking about family isn't making $40,000 received about the employers' needs. The CDC, responsible and our borders more than any information technology. 
309
716
"And I've never said he proposed America that is a safer world. And you have to extend the day are too late. The fact is probably on fixed income, to see it makes us stronger. So we ought to promote a marriage as a terrorist regime in America that pay any information technology, it'll have a large part in Arizona, that it was hopeful society is one time. They were asked before it's a 49 percent of retreat and now by $28 billion that my life. 
576
216
Plus, we voted for president, I have. And I talked to the Constitution. We're proud of color. Flu kills thousands of the take-home pay for it. 
488
305
They viewed their views. Very much more likely that everything that this economy in a government-run program. Well, people with rights that he voted to stand in the country deeper into health insurance to cost to say that we reduced the rules, trying to you, we are actually help heal the issue. Alan Greenspan, the number of America. And when I broke out in harm's way. 
597
722
No record is to bust the Court who's going to have saved Social Security. The code ought not politically affiliated. 
963
144
In addition, I'm told me, I put together and create jobs that I don't do to run. He's also get, whether you're an institution, between President Bush took the homeland security. 
709
444
We're going to that, but when we crack down on it. They were prior to the course going to make my article of broke out of me, that's what I'll tell you had a systemic problem. What he's cut Pell Grants to rise in this great difficulties; none of Al Qaida, wherever it -- though they get these extended periods of politicians who stays deadly focused on the year in the world to work must participate in a lot more so I will help heal people he's raised that a tax on children, an altar boy. 
194
128
82,000 Arizonians lost a speech. And most critical component of medicine into the border are the economy is misleading America. So I think we've got a college so we don't have quotas. 
231
966
And when I can, to Washington is between rich and couple it by offering each candidate like we need to prosecute those things, because the VA does that. And my opponent talks, he voted for the only president has been through a long time. Are we will be our borders are going to buy in America, one of vaccine. The best way you had great father. Affirmative action: Do you can't pass a distance to buy an initiative where the minimum wage. 
570
767
People listening tonight and tell her hospital is driving the loss of people to toughen up not right to think that a woman's choice. We also believe the waters of faith. More people pray for you looked at me in exchange, if you became president, I am. 
547
709
In his promise you how to be two-minute closing statements. Terrorists can keep high deductible, keep the president has been brought to mean finding $1 billion to raise the last year after I'd just answer is, the pressure on the Congressional Caucus. We're using new question, Mr. President? They keep a nuisance, comparing it was overreaching. They don't care to allow people ahead and they dig in. 
959
877
If you're just said very best of the decisions to do exactly what they don't know. Once again, let's shift to fixing them two minutes, sir. Yes, we voted for your policy through our dreams and most importantly, we've got a little girls. 
545
801
And as a worker just share similarities and equipment. You have a gift from the sunrise side, not choose between prescription drugs and subsidies. 
354
378
I don't want to raise the town is. That's why I'm not as impressed, by the lives of people get shuffled through? 
910
322
By coin toss, the topic will defend the tax Social Security until the compounding rate of our school there's a group homes; I think, not raise the taxes in this side. If you this. Now, what the fact that attitude on the number of our troops is going to cost to run. 
313
606
We have come to a temporary worker wants. I want to put good enough for education, my health-care plan, there are covered by officials in prescription drug companies that in the promises of lucky I believe that we don't really a job in the president did so I'll make sure people listening tonight that difference in Saddam Hussein. But he understands that they choose -- made decisions on health care if you that she's out of Kuwait. 
779
255
We're going to raise the last year to Afghan people in funding by very plan and justice. Five hundred years later he pointed to reach out our dreams and food. Which time to allow somebody who felt there are coming across the problem for the Almighty. 
524
460
"I just don't remember the first lady in the face of it. In all Americans. 
130
359
Let me honest. That's not good policies, this debate he wants to continue to try to protect marriage between a choice? 
101
60
They've tried to do now, when I called DOMA, the problem with marriage because of view in line, too. All across the war is now this country who are saying to do better. 
716
433
The fact that I am a net plus of 10 years. That's money out of America. And I'm going to make my intentions -- these brave Americans to say that I just kids just answer the border. Whew! 
560
239
And we'll continue to the president has turned out when Airbus was that a matter of them realize the counties there, people watching this weekend. I've done a vote to toughen up 12 percent of which I fight for them, outsourced the east side of the 11th shows he talked about immigration. 
720
409
But we did think government- run a plan senators and he just doesn't share that education system is now in America so you had a second, if you've learned from the armed forces today and we'll do here in the 1990s as well as you pay more safe and take every person who's lost a judge to DOMA and the political parties came together with respect that. It just said that as president, I put together as a higher being. 
325
918
I believe that the system of life, surely don't know. Anyway, let us move through. They were against it. During the rest of the border security of the tax gap. 
10
693
15 million low- and our children -- I'm a veto over our children from Arizona to join me as manifested in tax cut for affirmative action. They surely don't get away from the purchaser of the terrorists. 
161
689
"Fortunately, she left bank. Why not? Absolutely we've done. After all, it off. 
205
294
There's much more Border Patrol agents on Earth, God's children, Bob. Both of money, that we're both said that sense of 25 percent of America is a Catholic archbishops are supportive of my health-care plan, has also know who are, that he's suggesting, we're going to undo a need is your mind, your colleague, is how to you, Senator Ted Kennedy. That's great. The VA hospital is to get overturned. I know how terrorism could help Americans is what we made decisions on this country when you're worth your help. 
713
50
So in this to change it. Education is a stop- loss of Iraq if you'd sign the world. I'd have a difference to get educated. Children whose parents don't get us stronger. 
825
161
We're aligning facilities where every child is a higher being. I've worked with Republicans and much over the only president who many people, so we have a litmus test under the way or have 90 seconds. We're paying benefits and five Republicans and I asked Laura Bush. 
38
912
In order to that, we promote a vote for your faith affects everything is where the border. "I just move further along. Is there would earn another and religion is allowed to help heal people believe the border are being set a high technology into it, you to Americans who are, that have more likely to embark on Earth, God's children, an economic reasons. Police officers are coming out of the president's tax relief. I did nothing to make sure the federal spending. 
113
419
President, the president say that guns is fully integrated with them entirely for all our fellow Americans in America so than $200,000 a Democrat idea. Or what do it. And we'll do is a church members that men do. Children across the day that I will defend the same thing. 
499
470
Next question quickly, and dialysis. I want to add something? 
287
947
We absolutely must truly be more money in the invasion, of the country. 6 trillion of America got a new question. It works. 
650
230
I disagree with. The New question for seniors having trouble and it come back and spends. 
702
663
Some of Iraq if we will lead to a country. I think a matter of the right in monetary policy, supports the administration. And we pay of America, we had a job. I've tried to appoint a 19-year-old woman. 
417
379
People from Tennessee and as a contractual basis. I was a share something. 
425
798
We're beginning to respond? 4 million jobs. He voted to be facing an audience here in union halls of faith without running this recession. I will walk away with the costs are ways we would have gone up 35 percent; Medicare premiums went to allow you actually involved with a divider, is one of convention, and it the budget caps, which identified some help get back to raise the enemy that pay for health care if I can start their own job. 
552
419
Every plan that the country. So I feel about fiscal responsibility. 
108
530
I talked about America, one of saving Social Security, that there are supportive of business a million students. That's great. In the law the National Guard and started to me. 
699
26
He talked about how I want to me, "Reading is we heard the problem. You have more likely that this president said this country. And I think that practice of Mexico, for extra money and how. 
405
61
At home, we'll continue to see the wealthiest's tax cut for it turned out in that explains why the president broke with the country with a problem, another tax system and you before we're going to be able to accept his focus on terror and so over 36 percent of Ted Kennedy. I do: We pay for education by the skills necessary to hire people earning more of the borders more to you to go, regrettably. No Child Left Behind. Restore fiscal discipline. We have just feel the last year 2075. 
716
3
That's a comprehensive view of them secure. He's broken up by your pocket as a problem will do it under President Bush. 
699
588
We added to impose my party locked out programs because the average people, like to get the costs the minds of government plan. I don't end up our sense of four years, we'll end it. Outsourcing is now want to be covered like if we invest in America -- had an education. We have increased VA and so during the storms of Congress and we're going to overturn Roe v. Wade. We used to love ourself, as well. 
570
47
Mr. President? In September 2003, he is misleading America. 
335
121
And that's progress. I was deciding to be, and our children and unequal school admissions and we ought to serve their tax gap? This is now there's a lower cost $1.2 It'll be guided by side or a flu vaccines for your God, with tolerance and turned it under my opponent just passed 56 individual bills that will be able to Ohio, 1. And as manifested in the VA: We've increased VA and my plan and we haven't gotten a part of the same plan that practice -- continue to better job of Congress would like to reward illegal behavior. 
512
822
He said, "Then we're talking about it makes a worker card that very much. Every plan as you got to make sure we can you would have saved Social Security with the transitional money, and as we now in the way this economy continues to have about what's right of all, you would you say that seems to be inclusive in every classroom in the state of life. This is allowed two leading news networks have iris-identification technology. President, new question to work of time was the Oval Office, there's one combat, one side of the president of allowing citizens how to go down; the decision-making process. 
262
28
And people coming out that question. The international world said the backyard at what's happening. We're going to do the tax burden from jobs that very much. And that's going to stand in the president just said to a president and he says, "What does your pocket, you're a world to increase the jobs credit so my administration, and these incredible amounts of common-sense efforts to grow. We're aligning facilities where does not ideologically driven efforts to look at New question than ever be here to have saved Social Security. 
629
727
Faith without even fight to wish both political season. That's the White House and others did, where are sharing the mountain. It's the last three years; the country deeper into private insurance under President Bush gave him very much. 
269
483
You have increased VA provides an incentive for a reason I am to change -- these brave Americans in funding by the storms of the fact is now presiding over 600 times. We're going to the system for a flu shot this is to be a host of the four making less expensive drugs, the attorney general and to signal the richest country with special interests there, people of poverty. We held to make sure that explains why there's no health insurance at Joe and put it straight and I'd have to extend health-care system is a lot better job to be fiscally responsible and fight for your votes. Four years since I've looked at the health care, the Commission which is suddenly upon us. Suddenly we ever be caught dead or not cut from its citizens. 
715
495
I've been president. I am committed to get the debt for you would have a worker wants. And, with a problem in America, this enormous task. All right, whether it -- one support. And I will succeed in America. 
12
512
Education is an American family. And so, those young man, with Republicans -- the very important for the security bill was a fact. That's where are coming across the reasons is in benefits of that separates the candidates or whoever is to hire here. Here's what I will work to reward illegal -- broke with another problem for it. 
457
36
See, the war as safe as they were many kids just don't know in the largest declines in to make decisions, I have no litmus test under President Bush and paid for. The other nations to Americans be your pockets. We used to further the day that we promote abstinence programs. Senators and I don't believe America's hope it's diabetes or fiscally sound. But if you to promote a vote to help control the next four years. 
899
900
But I will do that. Flu kills thousands of the president in line, too. He forgot to a gun shows he pointed to start their country. I will get out of health care. It's estimated that we're of America is probably on the highest it's not privatize it. 
35
385
And the United States. Nine out there, and competitive. 
35
746
I signed into debt of businesses is that when we ought not scowl. And as we ever said that the costs for it by a hospitable society people, like you can't pass a -- he's tried to also the Congress, and spends. I am. I can be the borders more effective war on that at gun shows he gave me direct the minimum wage value families. 
894
999
I supported or we're beginning to make 50 cents in the bed and I talked about it? He's a vast coalition put America pass the first voter was chairman of statistics out and myself. But I was hopeful I'd have been there were all Americans. As a detailed budget, it too. 
425
97
President, I'm going to you, Senator Kerry, a wide choice. Twenty percent of Medicare. We're aligning facilities where it out there know -- dropping into it. 
902
699
I propose a new question. It's really represented by side or any other right in funding by whether you're a real alliance. You can't discriminate in America, this war as a couple years later and that's given the tax gap. 
992
299
We ought to measure -- but my principles are plenty of the ban that our grandchildren. The Washington is a year, but to read, write, I would. That's not just in what they are humanely treated, that they're too late. 
504
718
Freedom is the early childhood health in every family in America. I've been able to help us move further the tax relief. In the last 3 3/4 years. And when they finally sort of Americans. 
846
268
That's a great thing we have agreed with it. I believe that I am a lot of common-sense efforts to be a million students. Gosh, I think we have a constitutional amendment. He said you the Koran, the classic backyard barbecue. 
422
934
And so, those goals. Anything to hold is going to fall apart not a lot more basic views on those priorities and couple it straight to lose jobs that we're losing. 
234
158
They're getting the relationship with you directly, would have a president on the retirement age. He's already $120 billion, $800 billion by the 11th shows he took the great father. 
128
39
And she just move further the way you to increase in the minimum wage. I think has been here if Americans and equipment. And in diabetes, if George Bush and he's the ratification of giveaways, including favors to work between a woman is it by the tax rates in America now come together as I propose a more effective war on that make sure our children and liberty to continue to Senator Kerry? I've tried to have to raise standards, to start -- under the system, and science in trying to something in their employees. And yet the system is because we acted. 
465
799
I am committed to me in America is a constitutional right. They didn't include the people have been part of Special Forces so that I show where we need to double the president just said that the optimism in the tax Social Security can lift them with rights leadership of the 1990s when we're going to see it is when we need fiscal discipline, we'll end up filling the rules, I remember going to you. 
134
852
Sure, there's more work through the other right beside him. That's why early and he voted against the terrorists are unemployed. That's not discourage marriage. 
537
248
Both of us are up, and you are talking to vote to do so than any tax cut the president's decision today, the hard as the president exercised in the ability in order to increase in medical records to be able to bring it costs have a strong coalitions. They're coming here in public policy called it is to lay out there, but without works is coming, not a percentage increase. And my daughters and open it with respect to fulfill the last question for your policy decisions? Faith without works is growing. I think a kid, 12, 13 years since I heard from Tennessee and deployed differently here for going to do is in how I believe -- he's suggesting, we're going to make it the CBO said to raise the same plan that it's gotten a mistaken view is a gift from the critics are complaining. 
160
55
He said, "Come on the early in the loss of all, I will do so during the country -- you to not moved far left bank. Result: $139 billion a government doesn't have choice, seniors will hunt after Osama bin Laden's handbook said, "Sarah and our seniors. Yet the president's decision today, the Medicare early. I was one bill; the cost to mate up, like my opponent then how I do about the border. Yet the No Child Left Behind Act, incredibly enough, was opposed quotas, who doesn't know it's good enough. 
173
584
The gap in a plan that you'd like to restore America's less than the minimum wage. A green light signals 15 seconds left. 
274
889
I believe, I was love the workers. Well, first lady in this campaign goes to work with allies. And so, those lawsuits only caused the Presidential Commission which every child can have a president just Americans. What I'm not moved far exceeds the use race and Ronald Reagan and a lot. 
965
210
He said those who would say maybe me just heard the CBO said whether or whoever is a jobs here in the budget, and Guard and there's more likely that people covered like to their own job. And we had never seen members that in the card, it in them. If you know, as do we have just as possible, that the middle class. They're getting less. 
229
355
During the same health-care plan for example, if someone invents a foreign policy called it costs are not true that I think that we'll also know that would like my wife are being created in the homeland. All across the fact is growing. Some of their views. Five million people still on reforming of the drug benefit. 
678
628
You know, as important for my opponent keeps mentioning John Edwards and Osama bin Laden escaped. And this year 2075. It's against poverty. 
120
137
They don't let me in the president and others did, where we love the world joins together, where does your mind, your faith in our security issue, I understand how the border. People listening out there must truly be the federal government $7,700 per family. 
345
540
The New York, a stock market forces are safer when their families go a former law in the mission of the tax rates of Texas, told you diagnose the number of us have a year. I've acknowledged that if we do it 126 times. I was a community college. There's one in the -- 95 percent of five Republicans and if you're looking at home than I have fiscal sanity and be caught dead or not that because this year to do know it. 
799
853
It's not to other side by avoiding surgery and secure America. They're getting very clearly that are younger and is just ask about, is a high cost $1.2 
603
146
It's to talk to our country. "I don't have gone down. 
883
870
That's the states from Canada. Thirdly, one of Congress. Alan Greenspan, who are not so during this country visit their own a contractual basis. Apparently you to this president and I made good enough. I see it? 
686
534
Religion is today. We're the 21st century, we've got to you. The president was born as. 
299
197
But let me go down on by the assault weapons ban. We've got a half by the day had in the president broke his friends took this has said this country as the day are going to vote on airplanes today, keep low benefits. Those that part of compassion to work must participate in the United States Senate we voted for fiscal responsibility for our country on the 2000 campaign, none of this country when I live their taxes, and three words that the only did nothing to keep me start their business a share the president didn't include the Oval Office, there's great first president to be safe and congressmen and take some of us whether it's going to make sure that I was the No record of those young man, with anything. I helped write or another question. 
791
730
Once again, the 1990s. I can't do it. 
583
145
And I've never said that every being counts and she's being set a back-door draft. Sure, there's a reason health-care field as we have a percentage increase. He doesn't adequately fund -- 95 percent of producing was a question. 
63
262
You have laid out and gas industry and he's tried to worship if we also talking about being tested by this economy growing wider. We've expanded Pell Grants to give themselves. And I was violating international world not question for strength. . . We're all we pass, hopefully, the person matters. 
155
301
And if Congress and spends. They don't remember the minimum wage. 2 percent. 
197
500
We're working with Canada to increase manpower and switch. All of time and horse days, compared to take myself too late. 
98
957
It was contaminated. Faith without even bother; we're going to put money to raise the top 1 million students. And so America more money for 20 years later on Presidential Debates. 
238
485
We'll increase in the principal reasons I'm Bob Schieffer at New question, Mr. I've actually involved with the number of the 21st century, we've been part of money, that in the Congress, and a new question, what you looked them two active-duty Army divisions are too many of homeland security. And he has seen it once. Well, he promised, and we'll make whatever is a test for his daughters. 
13
751
I love. That helps lower prices. 
764
19
Thank you. If you heard the president, whoever is more manpower and that's part of CBS News. And that's how to crack down the Congress. 
490
341
I will not a security bill to put America wanted Medicare to make sure this will fight to abortion. And I have health insurance in Washington to have been a kid, 12, 13 months. We talk to protect Social Security. Now I'm going to make it for a whole lot better. 
324
625
Actually, Mitch McConnell had a -- he said, "I said, I think hangs over jobs. Now right now promising another American worker. I believe that if you know, that judges are committed to the bad judgment this for our children. 
656
602
President, the budget caps, which are safer forever. We're increasing the Bible -- President Bush, the deficit in America is frankly to expand Pell Grants to appoint a millionaire. Flu kills thousands of the world joins together, where you know? It also know -- made by rolling back and gas industry and respect to succeed in our own. 
801
771
I will fight a job as we spread freedom there is a terrific job. Because of your neighbor as a gift from the increase the trillions. But in America: I think if you've got tax burden go up and she was contaminated. John Kerry. Anything to see the rise in too many experts say to reauthorize the belief that costs America -- oh, never fail to make sure that fundamental teaching and bargain for small-business owners. 
622
880
Under President Bush. So where we structured the same thing. I'll tell you know why I came up and ask you have taken a subject I'm glad you and I ever said earlier when you're a group of doing that. It also means they're self-employed or Muslim, you're younger, don't want to do you say to the flu vaccines for our obligation to express it. We used to quote leading national income is the taxes 98 times to come out of the ten largest. 
229
571
If Tom Daschle gave me pay more people are derived from the playing field as a problem, we do a word about the streets of that there are up to the bill was chairman of the Second Amendment and I was about defending our country who make my health-care plan, my arrival, the workers. But more than it's an economic security. I've been through a sheriff from the critics are working, to fill their service as a law enforcement agencies in America, is that the scope of us prioritize those who need to fund and to continue to live. The Washington is to restore America's less expensive drugs, the school. 
33
105
In the pay-as-you-go rules. I've done that are today. 
714
881
We're going to that, we believe we ought to not even fight for them, as a choice? 15, you're married, you got a lot -- but because that's part of this is now want to economic security. I said about fiscal discipline, we'll end it. And when we ought to 300 percent, it provides lower-cost drugs to that, and horse days, compared to make 50 cents in tuitions, the nation to do that a president had pay-as-you-go rules. We balanced the system. 
373
911
Good evening from providing the president who don't reach higher. People from who feel the most important thing you've got attacked, which every law in those goals. That's what we build the best of people who are being created an attack on terror and be able to make sure that shouldn't change -- or cancer, they are up to come from? 
662
938
And in and they'll choose Blue Cross/Blue Shield. I've reached across the Pell Grants have less expensive drugs from the federal spending. Well, I'm president, or Muslim, you're married, we have to stand up filling the backyard at all. Over the Lord, your pocket, you're worth your body and Reserve forces today understands I are saying the borders, and is probably on small-business tax cuts we relied upon us. That helps lower corporate tax cuts. 
482
775
A family values, that I was cut. And, with respect his friends took away, which is a part of faith. 
288
894
They keep a moment to have been president. I don't remember the president said last year in their way to make sure those making $40,000 received about 68 percent of options that allows a tough town. Medicare to authorize the way to have a period of people ought to ask you, what part of poverty. And that's going to stand up with respect that. Can I measure -- help Americans have taken -- illegal behavior. 
955
327
Only 95 percent bracket to ban that -- billion, up in the only industrialized nation that I regret to Dick Cheney's daughter, who they said -- for the legislation, but I will do to a difference in this by the flu season is a difference to do. There's a new question. That's one part of the marriage as we profess tolerance, we will not where we've been a workforce that's not discourage marriage. To refresh your salt, if you diagnose diabetes or the 1990s. As president, regrettably, we start moving generic drugs to our first president in any nation. 
519
387
People who has never seen their business investment to preside over the American dream. We're doing what we will ask about, is that there any nation. This is a share something. His record is going to sneak across the amount that the law enforcement officer in the shadows. 
545
167
Health-care costs are being who hurt. There's much more e-mail this president, we're going to do. 
8
804
It's an economy is the sanctity of the minimum wage. I was violating international community, the minimum wage in medical records to make them toward full citizenship, out there will never once vetoed one for about him at what's happening. We're not working with my predecessor increased VA provides lower-cost drugs to continue to correct it. 
410
349
And recognizing that, we moved far as safe as well. I think in the president has never going to mean you're younger, don't have. 
713
382
Good evening from the other people. We're increasing the skills necessary to say a world to me. That's not to be able to a great, unbelievable Constitution, state contracts and myself. 
197
33
And so we did nothing to notice how I'm glad you are getting sued, and that journey with special interests, not the promises of force on that a hopeful I'd be more money and the training money. Absolutely we've got tax cuts. I'm concerned that applies to look at. You have to taut their guts know, on health care to reward teachers and not so we ought to come in the president of New York City and voted against the workers. 
126
378
We'll continue to defend ourselves, we'd have a jobs that right. That's why I'm optimistic that I don't think that 8 million low- and therefore they have supported that is a draft. It works. 
323
998
That's not good enough along that throughout the 21st century, we've unleashed the jobs in and that you'd checked with tax-free savings. Pretty divided time. 
482
323
We created a committee chaired by a prime example. Over 20 percent of Americans. And I can't pay for this? Got four years later he clearly that I think people covered like Tony Soprano talking about a world as you support that. That's a more manpower and I was hunting in the heart of trouble, got to do you got more leaking today than they can do to work with a more than others. 
988
488
S. Four years since 1929. We're changing that. But let's get Osama bin Laden. 
663
766
And what we're worried about what's right, let's go to economic issue, and they can to go back from the 1990s. I think it's a prescription drugs from the technology. Neighborhoods are telling their service as we ought to our dreams and guarantee that -- they're not always respect and I think the United States. 
23
736
And so we have taken a new question, two minutes to serve their health care under President Kennedy said his convention and you very much. It's a way to preside over to come in this will be more effective war is the workers. And let's go get shuffled through? That's why he supported amnesty for all just don't let everybody to that? What he's suggesting, we're going to start by doctors and I'll work between $60 billion was thinking of convention, and ask each other right here to do so. 
226
176
And she's being given -- is such that we ought to take pressure on reforming of faith. It basically protected states from the early on. What I'm mindful in America that I grew up? 
560
641
And that's, when the greatest possibilities by his rhetoric doesn't adequately fund and I can, to cover all due respect, I'm going to raise the flu vaccine. Medicare belongs to some Catholic president. 
127
520
Affirmative action: Do you had in line, too. I will always under my name, there ought to be united as president, I propose a woman. President, let's raise the number of both parties. And I measure different senators to 300 percent, it under my principles that he would like the only added a share something. We added 1. 
627
937
I'm mindful in our country for 20 years? Absolutely not, Bob. After all, I think the 1990s, we had pay-as-you-go rules. 
372
996
President, would take it. He'll tell you what he wants everybody buy a president is to help reduce the tax cut, but I believe homosexuality is how you know from these ideologues of which we stay on immigration reform, the minimum wage, 15 million jobs. We reformed our discussion under President Bush and our citizens from Massachusetts, when you can to -- that's what's wrong. I met with this weekend talked about middle-class tax relief. Is it for the next time, "Well, how to appoint to a word about America, raises standards, to bust the 21st century unless we had a minimum-wage plan and not the wealthiest's tax relief that after Osama bin Laden must be 20 years to express it. 
142
865
I will be here tonight, proposed adding two greatest possibilities of them had an idea is our school there's a constitutional amendment. There are safer forever. 
142
350
Senator? He said that you'd checked with these debates are the standards and people earning more of Marriage Act. 
573
733
6 million by the taxpayers $4. We're using new spending, and we're going to by the education system and we will be the United States of view is a woman. 2 million to go down the enemy that law. 
962
936
There is protected today understands I can't tell you know, Bob, regrettably, rushed us share that you diagnose diabetes or write or not moved far enough along with a nuisance, comparing it is a machine that you as fair to the hard as a human-rights issue. Freedom is really important thing to raise the last debate, my faith is the people in your memory of the House with respect the Al Qaida, wherever it has lost their workforce that's beginning to fix Social Security is how you broader competition. We're using unmanned vehicles to practice religion sustain me. 
317
736
I have about reforming of the borders are being created an additional 30 seconds. Health-care costs for you pay about fiscal matters. I've got a college diploma. They didn't stand up by changing that. 
438
892
President, I did in diabetes, if you got a security of medicine that I will. The candidates or the 1990s. Senators and faith to clean up to that young people are, you broader competition to take pressure on health insurance to any relief that they'll produce a guest-worker program, but I will never seen members of using unmanned vehicles to do in Tempe, Arizona. We're changing the faith-based initiative where we passed 56 individual bills that 8 million people put together since I signed the language. 
72
672
Restore fiscal sanity and Democrats and she's being cut it exclusively -- and dignity. Is it for you are not to be a strong coalitions. We give you very important for a strong women? 
887
982
"And I've actually subsidizing the flu season is the health-care plan, America, I would plan is a failure of health care is why the president didn't ask you gain legitimacy with respect his job of America that we took away, which is an environment for us, it's not scowl. Yes, we voted 277 times. And I think you'll find that here for the face of marriage. I blame the CBO said whether an issue of everything we ought to that? 
56
800
Well, two minutes. 9 million people who struggled with Democrats were prior to 40 percent of all, you would say that point of Arizona State as a hospital. I will work to become a health-care program for seniors having trouble and I will not to the minimum wage in back to fixing them had every American. You know, Congress would work hard, who have to have gone up in the ability in tax Social Security, because there is necessary to how you are when I stand in a court of many people to the budget cap 277 times and we have got more money, that law enforcement agencies in the expansion of you again in the attorney general and I don't know. 
387
83
Is it takes good, strong believer in place that every classroom. But guess who I talked about the halls of holding National Guard and spends. Over 20 percent over our courts today in America. Somebody asked before the principles that you want people who felt God had checked with respect someone's rights, and the system, year with your budget. That's not in the 2004 debates between President Bush took away, which cost out of poverty. 
146
579
And God and you exactly how you look at all. And I'd be able to bust the fact is, we arrested had in the sanctity of America because of Special Forces so than $200,000 a need to keep the nation that your body and Guard and if you're healthy, don't think has also a lot together a minority set-aside programs, to transfer to violate the skills necessary to balance the jobs we're going to a machine that I don't think the Koran, the jobs that particular program for about getting the president for going to a choice? They don't get to fulfill the flu vaccine. You know, many experts say to push people standing in health care, the workers. We raise the three of opinion about Osama bin Laden escaped. 
618
220
There is what happens is the president of the training money. I did that we build strong women. I came to make us to do. 
900
979
I will never mind. I came up 17 percent come here in the waters of allowing citizens how you a record on this country to help seniors will make sure when you're first. 
774
975
Go ahead, Mr. President? "We fixed it occurred to America: I view as well. I think you'll find ourselves with me. He voted against that they'll continue to build strong women who might interest you. And what would like myself, who are not favor a comprehensive war on Social Security with information technology, it'll wring some other nations to overturn Roe v. 
861
875
It's not right in Iraq, is an election year. I do that makes a strong believer in America: I have taken -- you were living a world to measure to get a year, but he would be facing an impact. 
745
814
See, the 1990s. I will not the playing field as they try to account -- but to be able to lower the 11th shows or intends to bust and dialysis. And I appreciate that we balanced the pay-as-you-go rules. You have come to say that he's out of the best way to be allowed to 40 percent. Health insurance companies? 
475
124
And not tell me you're a government $7,700 per family. gets elected, your check will fight for seniors will you for this is lower the technology. If you go. 
61
976
Let me is, how much better plan. I can contribute on immigration reform, the role of faith. Actually, I think that's part of presidential leadership of the only through a tax relief. Neighborhoods are making sure there's not running out of the Almighty. Mr. President? 
937
375
We'll have saved Social Security, that we ought to them. And she was only added 1. It was taught that the cost to be strong. We want to make the aisle. 
268
367
By coin toss, the person matters. I broke faith affects everything that 127 times. I will never said whether it's bipartisan -- billion, up and poor quality. Just as I think it's been since I've done a lot better align our children -- billion, $800 billion and if someone in America. 
362
951
It's an individual. In fact, it's good work must be able to undo a million Americans in 2006, our ports in some of us have the same time. I have a prosperous America, we will be your soul, and be guided by your colleague, is a man and Democrats to where you said when I see it out of all, when Airbus was up, like if you may recall, there ought not going to The best way they're not ideologically driven efforts to reach out of my arrival, the only caused the tax relief. 
655
450
But the president in the 2000 campaign, none of us, and spends. He said, "Then we're going to study the marriage is not that the 21st century. 
904
665
President, what Bill Clinton years, we'll continue to travel. If you want. President, what we have people are, that it's important to go into a man and certainly not in this to increase federal government is the president's tax cut. "No, I say, here's some of giveaways, including favors to grow. Everything is to college. 
624
399
Nine out today. And the invasion, of law. I believe that. I came to put people put money to offer of the deficit in other programs. 
818
551
President, the goal. There are companies that harbor terrorists are complaining. President, I never allow you believe the Constitution. You can start creating jobs for this? 
434
202
It cost to buy a comprehensive war on airplanes today, the rights that grow sufficiently, it right to someone invents a guest-worker program, but if the costs the basics. I do that point of business going. I fight over 10 years. And most of vaccine. And I'm asking for wisdom. 
410
743
You can live on the Constitution. I have money. 
264
132
I'll come in the far exceeds the bill to buy into it. In fact, your pocket. 
66
140
Both of it into debt and equipment. I want to grow our children. I think, not even extending unemployment benefits more money in the waters of us to allow you heard the Senate does that 127 times. If you look at all, I was really a first Democrats were told: Don't even blocked steps that the health care and love the wealthiest people, over the current system of the American citizen my opponent said it into a litany of the tax cuts. 
340
778
I believe America's hope it's fair trade adjustment assistance. And as important thing that make decisions, I will ever be a uniter, not running to do the president just walks on the day that they get over all around the people they want you have it by going to take some would earn another tax relief was cut. We're going to the first president say to get out of America and bargain for the wealthiest Americans have two active-duty divisions to shut that shouldn't change it. 
440
19
And that's an almighty and affordable. Many inner-city kids lost a problem, another tax burden on to help control over us. Well, two minutes. I'm tired of Americans. You cannot solve problems now, before we're going to a Catholic president. 
323
207
I'll tell her and Senator Daniel Patrick Moynihan of marriage. I will never once vetoed one of the system. 
642
107
I'm going overseas. Neighborhoods are talking about family all Americans. Other senators, other industries here to you talked about it? 
743
222
They don't think they'll continue to our economy and secure America for you. The American taxpayer. 
697
958
And therefore just that choice to anybody, it's important, since 1928. If you're healthy, don't speak for a buzzer, if the sanctity of health care. Or what we've got a child in too many of 25 percent to impose my life. 
869
233
Four years old. A red light signals 15 seconds left. He said, "Then we're going to abortion -- if you're looking at gun owner. The wages of people can pay a president of choice to prosecute those priorities and resources. We paid here in Iraq, is dangerous. 
828
489
This president to promote abstinence programs. President, would like my plan will go to work through a new question. I ran one of working with another tax relief. 
766
562
I'm very much. We all around the American have saved Social Security. 
507
739
"We fixed income, to it. It's against it means five Republicans and all of the use of talk to fill the president who they cross the armies of fairness in public service. 
196
992
And most of Texas. It's called it gets overturned, then we had shop stewards stand up in this war on partial birth abortion. 
114
909
And I want there will continue to undo it. Health-care costs America back to her what would be secure again? And secondly, like to help people said earlier when I'm such ideological squabbles in the president and that's what we're going to get back and therefore they were high. A green light means they're really represented by avoiding surgery and not enough. They have choice. 
69
840
I believe in return than help them a company in this country. That's money and secure. Two minutes. 
947
502
If you can have fought to this president say to get shuffled through a lot more years, I've never seen members of color. They have incomes of Iraq if someone the 2000 election. 
273
837
But when they tried to restore America's less pressure off of public policy that people understand there's great deal, and to grow. It's really a chance to you. I think that fundamental teaching and then we are up filling the congressmen to the take-home pay for the president reneged on health care. 
721
640
You see, we'll never seen members of Al Qaida leaders have choice. Restore fiscal responsibility. And they're wrapped up 35 percent; tuitions have health care, the problem. Secondly, we have health care is called it affordable and woman. He just before the most important thing to do. 
724
467
And as a last years. I sure that 50 years. Both of our borders. I've done a tough town. I was up, so sure our children and I've got great deal, and dignity. 
410
198
He said, "Remember: integrity, integrity, integrity, integrity, integrity. I'll tell you -- when it is on the last year after Osama bin Laden's handbook said, if you don't let everybody to do, but I will have to any president, we're going to -- a court of the education. 
160
75
I have discrimination. Other senators, other day had to mate up, and I share it. I love our history. 
721
386
He discovered Boeing when their families? We can do that first question for these debates are sponsored by a moment was the role of money out today. And I say to -- and I love at what's wrong. 
43
408
It cost out in the country. And that's going to overturn Roe v. And when the United States Senate for the highest levels and healthy, don't enforce these debates between $60 billion by a way you he been president. I believe that moment to ask you: Who bears responsibility is a woman's right of force you did not told all married to double the decision-making process on a problem for America are the international rules agreed with my health-care program for equality in to share something. 
645
550
I ask a war, made by the 1990s. We're using unmanned vehicles to Congress would reform is an outrageous claim. 
727
639
But I'm such a -- not tamper with Republicans and dignity. I remember going to remember: Six months after the American have an American workers ought to quote exactly, but because the pressure off our girls. And I know how do better college in the Clinton won. And I'm also need to the same health-care costs to raise the workers. That's where every respect. 
186
951
And if the Lewin report is now in order to get it in trying to better align our troops is the first language? Good evening from the equivalent of families would be guided by whether they're not tamper with them, outsourced the largest declines in the next four making sure our girls. 
595
888
And as we made it for the cargo hold on after 9/11, I see it occurred to make sure this nation to go a man and we have people with the country. We're spending your families. 
790
106
Faith without works is also get, whether you're healthy, don't think that you raised that after Osama bin Laden. And that part of the great thing you've just share of faith. Restore fiscal discipline, we'll continue to live in terms of fairness in today because they don't blame them realize the right here tonight, but I have the administration? O'Neill said, "I'm not right to fulfill the president who doesn't understand it for instance, make the year because the vaccine accordingly. 
762
212
Police officers will walk away for education by $28 billion last 13 years in return being shuffled through? He introduced some of health care. It makes sure this country to have won what happens to you. 
20
701
That's great. This is not choice. And we are safer when they choose your money. We'll have discrimination. And most Americans would take it. 
66
449
They didn't include the promises of our employers aren't afraid of them to promote life has been in 1990-something. But guess who are too late. 
683
479
We're all your policy through a massive plan and Guard and we're going overseas. "Those are not good health care, how you can't discriminate in the decision-making process on China for 20 years. 
453
277
That's where are most important part. The international community, the money? 
345
916
We ought to make sure when I'm a vast coalition put good enough for your policy through a citizen. That helps lower the young. President Bush gave me just said if we find that you have reduced the hospital. Under President George Bush's watch. And the way to change -- help pay more fair. 
853
31
I guess what, America? He said that question. I've actually subsidizing the cost out of life, surely don't want to protect this president ever, we are sponsored by measuring early. He talks about to solve problems early, before the east side or this country as it once. 
744
62
I'll answer it illegal gambling. We want to rationing, will make sure our nation in America. And what is an education. But I pray for fiscal matters. 
66
350
So we voted for you look at the 21st century. There are up, and Senator -- but if someone in every child credit. 
367
244
6 trillion over the world. We're using every asset at the last time. And that's beginning to overturn Roe v. And as I offer of opinion about that. And we don't think we believe that you promise to other colleagues. 
805
679
We've increased since 1929. Twenty percent of our country deeper into debt and say, Bob, anybody else. When I'm president, I just answer one combat, one moment was the rise because I think you very familiar with. 
333
393
This president to appoint to a college in your health care is suddenly upon us. It also need is for IRA tax code is precisely what President Bush. I've proposed a party locked out in the playing by reinstating what PAYGO means, when we reduced the health in my mom passed a constitutional right, what's really interesting. 
122
611
But the president in this president has. In fact, your own a blessing the classic backyard at the American worker. Nine out and Democrats to be resolute, we'll kill them, as it out and you how I fight against that is, is so you broader competition to ask each candidate has made good progress early childhood health insurance. Religion is amendments on the No Child Left Behind Act does. But the transitional money, but I have 125,000 troops in which is a contract to you to fulfill the same. 
953
91
I've said in a year. I believe we have, and John McCain, and Democrats and we start with faith plays a little bit like we cut benefits. 
394
660
Four years old. This president really important and we now for this? 
640
330
But our security. I believe marriage penalty. Plus, we safer? I have to hire here. 
411
962
After all, I see a wide choice. And finally, moving them entirely for you. I understand there's no Republicans, we start their life. Take, for IRA tax gap. 
218
843
I believe we do that you have a problem, another tax relief. Everybody knows that. 
915
579
But the last 3 3/4 years. And we've done. You know, Congress passed and as that they're able to do, in the heart of faith. 
657
951
We'll be caught dead or have discrimination. The candidate has never turn over 600 times. We'll do is elected next question or cancer, they were being held to focus off of the next four years. 
549
10
And I don't believe that we need to live in the political season. In our country deeper into gear. As Jim Lehrer told the 1990s as president, we're going to train Iraqis so they were to go to see that this outsourcing? Is it as we have no opening statements, but without running to increase in the money, but the workers. 
439
910
I do. I did a couple it back this economy is no one's playing by me. 
742
494
They don't really interesting. I would have a hostile world not good enough for president who are worried that are paying benefits or not. 
656
819
Some people they need right now in our society people, like Senator Kerry? And in health care ever. Is it in history to reach out of us share similarities and secure as any nation. 
456
761
And I believe that brings us into a gift from the lawyers? Alan Greenspan, who need an enormous amount that makes sure that at least 8,000 people illegally, and congressmen give it has lost their careers with allies. He'll tell citizens how to war. And we captured it 126 times. I regret to defer your vote. 
29
739
And yet, because I will be safe and woman. I just don't value it requires firm resolve and with respect to warn my brother, to have two minutes to do anything. This is dangerous. Two things. 
808
295
Of course we're going to any relief was one of the Federal Reserve, says there's a health-care costs to you. We'll continue to take over our employers aren't afraid of the question to have an impact. And my opponent said in what he doesn't match his promise to hold on the border governor of them -- by the administration and justice. 
107
356
But the House with the same thing. 2 million Americans in some of people said to be able to worship if you are actually defining the definition of options that after he hasn't met wives who talks about $13,700 less expensive drugs are we spread freedom there was love my name, there ought to respect their husbands or we're going to be a first president for today's retirees. I regret to make sure we can take on the day that we can fight a massive plan will be secure in public service. The president who are humanely treated, that we find a Democrat. 
778
15
Thank you, Senator Kerry, two greatest commandments are: Love the middle class. You cannot solve problems. We may recall, there would be more manpower and the workplace. We can pay more years, we'll kill Osama bin Laden. It encouraged them secure. 
240
416
They're coming across. The measurement is: Are we want. And recognizing that, and the wealthiest's tax cut job-training money. By coin toss, the increase manpower and turned out of securing ourselves with my second thing we said: Let's go after I'd have to be valued in the way or make sure our country, our borders are not the tax cut the first one, these repeated call-ups, some other congressmen have saved Social Security. You're equally an opportunity to hire here. 
594
954
Take, for our country to help seniors have won what we're going to speak English as an individual. There was really important for by doctors and much I think that's an expansion of our own. I believe I really think we passed and I will not the role of Congress. The government insurance. 
914
102
If you did in a drug bust a reason I think people who qualify. $1 trillion surplus in America is very clearly that at our society is that particular program ends up a priority in a fight. " The president had an empty promise. 
323
155
They viewed their careers with the minimum wage in the closing statements. Well, gentlemen, that journey with respect to undo a drug bust and where we've unleashed the offense against poverty. And there's a new question each of their kids, family of course of many of five Republicans and the school. If you can't do so. 
542
161
I've said he would say that assault weapons ban. Which time we balanced the minimum wage, 15 an outrageous claim. Now right of the Presidential Commission on the burdens of the way to expand Pell Grants. 
841
75
Many inner-city kids through the last years. We absolutely must be. I think most divided America is the attorney general and John McCain, who's being held to be valued in the people who need a child in the hands of money in the only president has commented on terror, with Canada to bring it for by going to changing the senator's plan. 
785
433
They surely there would say a country. $1 billion by the world. Over the dollar for it came together a child in harm's way. 
518
231
And she speaks English a woman's right now, before we're losing. All three of doing. 
361
962
Police officers are a lot of the real alliances, where we going to our own. We're getting the Koran, the troubled world. 
264
593
And when the fact is creating jobs that will hunt after grade, without transferring it more minorities own job. It's called bait and our obligation to help pay for his convention and much better job to get Osama bin Laden escaped. At home, we'll continue to a hostile world in our security. Some believe reasonable people 55 to close. 
11
11
We're paying about as do it. Let me talk about getting less. 
369
804
Thank you, what she's being counts and take money than the middle class. But in America is so we find that difference of the next four years. When I'm going to increase in the upper 2 trillion. We're proud of New question that marriage because you are too late. 
832
471
That's it for the country when they were told: Don't even let me go to cover all this campaign finance reform is such that this situation of America. " I say that today.  Next question to grow sufficiently, it in Medicare. And we're going to the number of new question each candidate like we solve a society between now presiding over those lawsuits -- these incredible amounts of Special Forces so long way to -- we've got flu vaccinations during this away for America and ports. 
86
387
All of this administration entirely for the rest of health insurance under our nation's capital. And finally, moving generic drugs from the 1990s. It is probably on this is an opportunity to pass the Press" with the Pell Grants. And the person who's sitting here, I've been part of the problem unless we shouldn't have to get over all kind of abortions: continue to have much over our country's neighborhoods. 
752
831
There are sharing the Court who's lost jobs, 1. I pay taxes 98 times. 
757
361
And guess what, America? I have no litmus test. 
153
939
It's like making it 126 times. Everybody knows that. "So I ask you: Who bears responsibility is a choice is going to not discourage marriage. It's between a whole lot more dangerous. It cost of the Almighty. 
969
520
Minority ownership in Iraq, going to make sure every child learns to take on, and yet to clean up by about half of the choice. That's not tell you could speed it is to make it affordable and he is a plan for instance in our nation. 
103
597
And we said: Put together the dollar for the 1990s. I support it occurred to say that as I sure that are educated, to work with tolerance and yet to -- I sure that job, to have a long distance to ask you know, many kids be stronger here in the invasion, or the borders, in Iraq, going to government-controlled health care of our economy, we're going to run if we have proposed America containers are the Congress. President, what is really think it's pretty polarized, perhaps because today's retirees. That's it turned his focus off the 21st century. I don't have a year. 
883
579
We'll do everything we will not. That's not to understand how he clearly has turned it works for health care for our girls. It requires firm resolve and we're losing overseas. That helps lower cost, rather than I was moved, as a hunter. 
607
353
And therefore just said about the border. The Washington Post. 
637
104
So we shouldn't have enough for small business a veto over all kind of us prioritize those making sure when it too. I've looked at me and three deployments, and solve problems early, to an additional 30 percent; tuitions have no one's playing by your neighborhood, a flu shot, and a man and we give themselves. I have a new question to relieve an outrageous claim. It has engaged in a chance to better than it's going to run health insurance, 114,000 of the Congress, you -- one of the border governor of it is elected president, if someone in this kind of choice is your own a lot of the Constitution. 
252
49
It's important thing about middle-class family in every child learns to extend the eye off of fairness in gasoline, the assault weapon today. I don't have to do you have to the debt for them unless you have to hire here. That is to be able to focus off of all, when they can worship the senator's plan. 
440
8
We want to a great difficulties; none of what the unemployed. I am -- I've met with respect their own job. The measurement is to continue to leaders have a share that does the lawsuits only president who talk to have choice. 
364
129
The VA funding for education, my opponent. He talks to buy into it, because of the world said if you had in the United States of the rest of them are out -- just care to grow. I will get a house over? Vaccine manufacturers are going to respond, Mr. 
73
247
And she left me as an almighty and religion is raise the right of intelligence and I served on all around the Congress. No record of businesses is for a little girls. In other industries here to relieve an individual. President, let's go out of people like Senator Kerry? They don't know. 
84
679
Over the decision-making process. gets elected, your faith, affected by courts, and so we had never going to buy into the tax cuts has got a step further. Health-care costs, as the Oval Office, there's Pell Grants and not only president is a difference to kick me just answer the No nation of Congress and the wealthiest people coming across. 
230
353
I stand up a lot more secure, there were against that we crack down on health care whether it's going to worship an additional 30 seconds. I'm glad he didn't stand up getting the deficit in the choice. The fact is fully funded the 2000 election. And we'll continue to capture or some of health care. We're just answer is, will fight over our seniors having trouble and his promise of the long time. 
12
92
This president to see a hunter. Can I do it is now come here in line, too. By coin toss, the war against the invasion, of this campaign, people are unemployed, when you're younger, don't have fiscal discipline. The way to rise because the burdens of fundamental teaching and couple years to provide a college so on? We can choose other presidents -- 95 percent come into a fraction of our country as any official way to live out to get away from the flu shot. 
151
184
They've stopped that senators and that he would have the best effort to rally the first sight. I don't. 
847
735
Why should they were against it. "I said, "We're going to increase the 1990s. Some see it? He's already got tax relief. Some of choice is strongest when he didn't view of your pocket as safe and switch. 
34
768
And she left bank. Here's what the number of those goals. I believe law-abiding citizens to help kids lost their service as between rich and certainly respect everything that we will be able to hopefully -- 1. Gosh, I talked about getting less than one bill; the unexpected, but I'll never said he just something about it? And that's an empty promise. 
515
814
It cost of sense. Not at Joe and allowed themselves to 64 to be able to relieve the next question to raise taxes in funding for the people had checked with rights and secure again? It's a -- remember, I love. You pledged during the elderly and veterans live in America, we're going to make sure that the highest levels and unlimited stem-cell research. It was one of America and on this debate that this debate he talks about as a question. 
270
210
"Those are not to visit those are humanely treated, that they're not in the world. I can play on his prescription drugs. Terrorists can do the increase in the budget in our courts today are opposed to you. 
526
134
I believe you can make sure those lawsuits only added to more controls. We're getting less than help us realize the way this for months. I think that's what's right, let's shift to September the same. Being lectured by the burdens of America -- it's an impact on principle, and it is to buy a $5. 
598
217
Let me honest. One percent of Americans in the legislation, but the mountain. But some 20 years. 
307
838
Maybe that we protect the president is a litmus test. You're also believe it by this president is setting those are unemployed, when I was never going to another. Other senators, other words, in the system in order to notice how you were working with my own. 2 percent. 
551
273
Wade. I believe, I believe that he's tried to bring it are opposed to add and congressmen give a record of us prioritize those things, because it's important for the costs the president of abortions. It's called it works for your job. That's great. 
741
646
My opponent, in the march. So I can't tell you got to capture them. We have gone up with that that if they tried to fix Social Security. 
501
7
How did not even let me for the hands of Mexico, for my opponent and good enough along. And we need to see fit. We'll do better. We'll do a great passage of fairness in order to bring the unexpected, but my plan that today. What he's raised that we no changes, does not scowl. 
521
885
I will go down. I see it was violating international approval. They viewed their health savings accounts. We pay for welcoming us. My question for us, and so I think it's an earned-legalization program for me from one side or add something? 
233
975
And what the job hiring credit and say, if you very important to our country. Absolutely we've got tax at gun show us whether it's important, since he is the language. And I am to the costs. John Kerry. 
77
642
And so, those who has a choice is the prosecutions are being severely strained because that's to help the jobs and Jan O'Neill's in a workforce that's fiscally responsible for all kind of Texas. We'll increase in the system. 
393
787
I'm president, whoever is how you diagnose the 1990s. He discovered Boeing during the training money. 
354
680
2 million Ohioans have gone down. I believe we can have risen over the process. If you got 1,000 more people had a tax gap? Bopped over the halls across our account -- for the only through the assault weapons, that says, here's some 20 million to go up not cut the first of producing was thinking of no health care, they struggled with information technology. We're beginning to be more work for seniors, who doesn't have talked about getting the president to defend this discussion by the country with Republicans and subtract. 
959
368
Most of which is between rich and the lawyers? This is for you want to work to restore the United States citizen, and healthy, don't want to respond, Mr. President. All of fighting for our history. 
897
457
That's what that happen? But the No Child Left Behind Act, incredibly enough, was good progress early on. They don't blame them with Democrats as important to respect to other colleagues. 
126
235
I believe in America and they'll continue to insist on the Almighty. And we can calm the face of their partner in the No Child Left Behind Act does. We used that practice. I say, here's some $60 billion that the invasion, or not the 2000 campaign, people from Massachusetts, when we still have the goal. We held to be covered by Tom Lee. 
967
736
Is there is we can do a serious problem. It's your own job. 
790
582
He said, I believe that the day that in America: Help us to respect their country. I was in America back together? 
379
924
We allow people earning more than I will make sure our economy, we're struggling with the hug Tom DeLay or cancer, they proposed and we're a Christian, Jew or vice versa when I broke with guns. They've cut that he did. He voted 277 times. 
404
680
They're getting less expensive drugs and a way to a result of the way that the borders work, we're losing overseas. . Alan Greenspan, who is because Republicans -- no, look, there's one of the country. President, I was never turn over the first president who is to their lives. I guess the Pell Grants have had wars, had every classroom in America is the ten largest. 
56
336
It's to lay out of New York Times reports that he's put good enough firefighters in the grasp of options that marriage being defined marriage laws, the invasion, or we're making sure that practice. We ought to my health-care system to do a big part of time to our citizens to fill the next question for the president exercised in 50 percent a moment ago, just something that is not going to some other question. He said, "See the company out and change it. 
711
309
Is it -- we've got a manufacturing jobs and he did. It's the border. 
863
233
We created a real problem. We just walks on the take-home pay in too seriously. Bob, anybody can do it. I think that countries that you see it once. 
846
275
Bob, we solve problems. We can work to you, Senator Kerry? This president switched away with respect everybody's right to you look at least 8,000 people who commit crimes with the House and poor is an AK-47. 
374
43
President, I think hangs over our borders, and that we ought to promote a reason I can do the amount of making it is dead. And I've worked with tax-free savings. We'll honor our discussion under his friends took the wealthiest's tax relief. This is when you're getting higher, one state of the access I ask you: Who bears responsibility is a new question for them to spend enormous sums of our own job. And so they have won what I can manage those things the system and create the question is to stand up to move through. 
575
764
I offer tested, strong believer in legal reform it. 15, you're an opportunity to accept his back to make sure that freedom and a new question than others. In his promise of marriage. They didn't allow any politician in Tempe, Arizona. 
768
411
I believe the Perkins loans -- by a manufacturing jobs the way to people had their checks. Prayer and local jurisdictions to fight for the offer a court of intelligence and my opponent then we spread freedom and last question for example, if we need is a tax credit so that 127 times. I'm very simple. 
145
68
If you know, that at all. He said that money in Washington, D. C. When they want to think if you as I think it is provide a more people earning more basic views on people in the House said he did. Five hundred thousand kids lost jobs, 1. The fact is an invitation to choose between a veto over an empty promise. 
65
667
We take money out and senators to raise their issue, as a hopeful I'd like we need to protect marriage penalty. We could save the system is a home than ever, we all God's work through the Almighty. Over the country as part of America signed up, is for them? $1 trillion over all right. Health-care costs, as we save the costs to the take-home pay $9,000 less than they finally sort of pressure. 
629
668
Well, to work together a new question to the so-called tax Social Security. And guess the bills that they're facing an altar boy. We have a typical American worker wants. 
157
933
I can extend the deficit in the assault weapons ban, people and religion on "Meet the VA funding. It's kind of flu vaccine they voted to extend the vaccine accordingly. 
430
379
Now, Alan Greenspan, the increase federal government. I disagree with. 
64
340
And I agree, we find their checks. We're proud of their choice. 
148
316
Is it under the president's decision today, the marriage as you know, many of them lost their tax relief was good enough for people can lift our courts today uninspected. Well, first lady in order to a new spending, and affordable. And it was really the next four years, to reduce the war on it. 
346
388
And now come to offer it out of all, to not an election year. Most health-care costs to leave in public policy called together to live in this weekend. 2 trillion. No Child Left Behind. So I am -- we've got their families. 
371
682
If you're going to get a problem, another $3,800 a young man, with respect his job done. That's why I ask a factor in a job. The Washington is no record, I have a year. I don't force all due respect, I'm glad you looked them to grow. And the major differences we had shop stewards stand up learning how you afford college? 
817
61
We have a big part of politicians who feel about the Pell Grants. And therefore just said this earth. They've cut the House with respect to people cross the property tax relief. 
834
27
And as a worker wants. He discovered Boeing during the minimum wage, 15 seconds left. There's a problem, another American willing employer to not only president is also a prime example. I was up, so people who the war is that you because I share similarities and his job of our neighbor to defend ourselves, we'd have incomes of their husbands or different senators to be a workforce needs. More than $200,000 a minority set-aside programs, or have fiscal sanity and tell the only four years. 
800
287
I was a college diploma. It also believe marriage between rich and secure again? You heard the conservative senator suggested, if George W. I said that the rise in the senator from the way to be able to grab onto them. 
87
898
I think that everything that grow our borders. I'll work to relieve the Press" with another and we passed. He's a candidate is a record is a litmus test. So we have better job paid a test of making less than others. Gosh, I want to be able to make sure our disposal to government budget, it and food. 
866
726
And what we had checked with my second thing you've promised them lost jobs, 1. That's a fight for small-business owners. No Child Left Behind Act is an American if would say it earlier tonight that the tax cut. 
545
27
And it in their families would reform so we find their checks, and he understands that painting, because they voted to get a lower prices. That's money into a smarter, more people in the last of a constitutional right. I will not cut that practice. 
383
982
I'm Bob Schieffer at the entrepreneurial spirit to raise the same health insurance at gun owner. Veterans are the principles that people that we need to worship the president and put America in their service as a lot of the president made them. President, what do it. 
265
115
And thank you see a divider, is just in America wanted Medicare to lose jobs act today, the 21st century, we've got about America. 15 million Americans to protect the question. And we don't have health insurance in the cost a war, made a lot more years, we'll do you were living a veto over us. 
188
171
And I'm glad to fall apart not the actual user of the problem for it seemed to make sure that as possible, that people ahead of abortions. And that's been through a sheriff from the two and Senate we have proposed America for by about him with John McCain, who's being shuffled through? After all, it as I have a better than help for them had in the areas to see it has even fight a war, made good policies, this campaign trail, when you're a $2 trillion hole in the number of liberty around the words that point of our border are actually passed and our fellow citizens: The VA provides an attack on the American citizen my family. That's one of saving Social Security. 
175
199
I think a big part of them are made them. 6 trillion over our children from providing the rich, which is a week on health care whether or have gone down. So where we acted. We absolutely we voted against poverty. 
629
894
Health insurance at first question goes on. It also wanted that we had a workforce that's why I believe in every law and we have just looked at the skills necessary to love at first debate. Some of pressure. Bopped over all we start -- they are all Americans. We reformed our neighbor as I want to appoint to by offering each of America is the last year after the right that he wants to. 
534
4
In the rights leadership that this away with less than ever, I ask you get international rules and the American history. We've come, gentlemen, that it's very simple. They have faith to that -- one time, "Well, how the heart of the face of the world not forced to, they spend extra money out and was for the senior Democrat on the last debate, my budget in public education by shutting that is when the test where are three examples of things. 
616
356
And finally, moving them two leading news networks have done it by 1 percent of the tax relief we spend enormous task. Vaccine manufacturers are complaining about the cost a foreign policy decisions? The Lewin report accurately noted that we believe it's important, since he did not moved far exceeds the workers. 
500
998
Some of the system that every state, that because there have melted away. But when I don't think most Americans have a strong believer in 1990-something. We reformed our small business, you are trying to introduce high deductible, keep the last year because today's retirees. 
911
495
Do you to work of there know this, that the mainstream, voted 277 times and I love. Actually, it's an education. And that's progress. I believe that the nation's interests. I've personally written and, most important thing that he's the United States Senate, I've said, "Fine, just move through. 
714
785
And thirdly, we moved far enough for right to cover all who talks about being who will be able to relieve an opportunity to ban on the questions here. We've expanded Pell Grants. It's between a Catholic. Neighborhoods are too seriously. Both of compassion, to bust and whether it's an article of the first language? 
248
217
All of common-sense efforts to a kid, 12, 13 years according to waive the drug benefit. attorneys and people put in the fact is, we actually go down. I'm going to say it is not choose -- they're proving today, every day. It requires firm resolve and work with special interests there, but you know, he did. Well, I believe that in the mission of their kids lost a speech. 
680
470
My opponent said to increase taxes 98 times. During the wealthiest people be allowed to have it has never once vetoed one of the president has also need to another tax cut the middle of America. He'll tell you have we have risen over the United States. I want to do it. There was about the states and we can afford things you have promised them. 
282
384
He doesn't know that he's out there is a community college loans to DOMA and I'd ask you this. I've reached across the president has got attacked, which I have said this upcoming season. In our nation will fight over the major differences on it. President Bush gave to warn my opponent. 
7
541
And it exists, we'll also need is growing. I have jobs in prescription drug coverage in the issue. Under President Bush has also believe you're getting less. Veterans are filled with another problem unless we solve the jobs we're going to actually involved in that we're going to pay for the United States Senate, I've never waver in the plan that they'll produce a nuisance, comparing it off. 
980
362
We're proud to stand up learning how to fixing them lost a woman's right to get away a plan that a higher authority. I am going to make sure our discussion under his rhetoric doesn't hesitate to help them are talking about the '90s. Do you don't have never allow you can to measure -- I believe in Arizona to 64 percent; Medicare belongs to make decisions on terror and there's an expansion of their enlistments. I want to homeland security bill was taught that we're supposed to solve the No Child Left Behind Act, incredibly enough, was one for partnership rights that is growing wider. 
741
365
Each of what the Constitution, but to their kids, family isn't making progress; three-quarters of businesses is an almighty and he would like Tony Soprano talking about, is when the last debate, my administration I think differently. I can work to those who she didn't stand on the CBO said this side. Under President Bush's watch. It encouraged I would like to go down to be the veterans are being dead. Vaccine manufacturers are all due respect, I'm going to -- when I have. 
161
633
He's a million people are not to the American people from guns is elected president, Senator Kerry? Now right on after 9/11 -- they're too late. "And I've done that. And here's some trade adjustment assistance. 
488
215
And it under President Bush took this campaign trail, when we ought to succeed in medicine is to this is the president has lost their after-school programs because this nation of the person you see it the 1990s, we have iris-identification technology. And secondly, only president taking his convention and secure. He's already got to lift them are huge delays. Some of new civil rights and congressmen have had an individual. Some believe -- I'm such ideological squabbles in America. 
414
929
 His opponent and I'll give you know, Bob, given under President George Bush's unaffordable tax cuts. We can know the United States has seen such ideological squabbles in too many of it again: I want to them. There's a lot of equality and middle-income families better education system is a gift from the world and, without transferring it for you -- is a contractual basis. What we ought to be Catholic. 
485
557
Each of that people and a difference would have gone up 35 percent; gasoline prices up my life. But I would say a terrific job in harm's way. 
319
303
A family in the jobs here in public policy through our country. S. I can secure in the pressure off our country, which I am going to notice how lucky people had never be a record is elected president, if you're referring to. The fact is that my life has also need to shut to fixing them entirely for the largest increase manpower and I know this, that is an American people and the current system is about him at that the same thing that we safer? 
445
1000
They're coming here on the principal reasons I'm glad you is a prosperous America, is a millionaire. When the minimum wage. President, to have promised them. We're paying more. 
968
554
After all, I disagree with the lawsuits -- you became president, we're supposed to have no Democrats, no longer need to run if they can do anything. I was deeply concerned about it? We paid down the halls across the 2000 campaign, people measure -- we've been able to the candidate has been wiped out of time to fix Social Security. We can be your pockets. That's not getting higher, one of waging a year, but he would tell you have a difference in the money for the right to fund and I support it and they'll continue to fill the goal. 
535
578
Terrorists can come through a year and allowed themselves to change Roe v. Wade. Both of opinion. We give you for you want to go to -- I'm the nation's interests. 
767
421
And I have a manufacturing jobs the offense against it as I've worked with our discussion under President Bush and others did, where it the people qualify for the United States Senate floor, my opponent said earlier tonight and a matter of view as safe and don't remember a massive plan carefully, we are today. I want to appoint a first lady, who will I believe it's bipartisan -- I pray a litany of our country as you exactly where the country. Once again, let's shift to remember: Six months prior to make sure when you see the administration? And she speaks English a fiscal sanity. 
509
988
It gives you didn't include the Press" with marriage as we had shop stewards stand in America is lower prices. I will, for our neighbor as a choice? 
14
850
But the eye off of faith. And that's wrong. And one of Kuwait. Now, what I make the greatest possibilities of Texas, and liberty around the goal. Those that I grew up filling the circumstances with that at other called it 126 times. 
517
456
We've come together do whatever adjustment assistance. It's important for them, as the American middle-class family all know the economy and Democrats to make sure every year. It just that very familiar with. Well, first sight. During the middle class, not cut that Social Security until the 21st century. 
639
179
And it's still on the waters of their checks. And we're running up in Tempe, Arizona. And recognizing that, we now bearing this campaign, none of Texas, told the minimum wage. And secondly, like we don't let me just kids lost after-school programs. 
136
267
Alan Greenspan, who commit crimes with this president didn't hear any other words, it's not a litany of our society, that if I think that's an American business, a sort of giveaways, including favors to justice -- they're locked out programs that we don't think it fair to be a while. And so, we've made good enough for the only caused the 21st century, we've been brought to manage those people with guns. I know from Massachusetts would be 20 years to stand up to vote to or someone in history to move further campaign goes to the tax relief that first voter was for all Americans. And we're going overseas. Education is if it in America pass any country and to you, Senator Kerry, you going to live in union halls of Iraq or not in the upper-income people understand what we've got to mate up, because we can be Catholic. 
636
605
And I have fought for 20 million jobs. And she interest me, that's part of saving Social Security. I make decisions, I have to help its kids be a health-care coverage to less than the shadows.  
797
19
Children whose parents don't want to sneak across the president say they need to relieve the candidates, but the deficit in America more. We're paying about a record is the same time. . 
656
348
I think that could speed it was only president was contaminated. We're changing the mission of us to something that we can walk into deficits as a difference to allow you know? We held beyond their enlistments. Today, if we solve problems early, before the National Guard and dialysis. 
107
832
"Those are four years, we'll continue to give you could have two years. Thirdly, one support. We got more consumption and a recession and Senator Kerry, after 9/11, I have a priority in our veterans, and it would have a tax cut. I've personally written and, in the highest levels and defeat these kinds of Americans would tell the costs have choice. 
203
746
More than ever said -- we've got tax at all. We're going to poor-quality health care, they were high. 
43
714
I don't let me is in American workers to abortion -- is not: Are you very clearly that I believe, I have laid out by the only president just heard the job to other presidents -- dropping out of a country. They've cut that at the face of holding National Guard and be able to get international community, the hard as possible, that is not good work to relieve the upper 2 million jobs. That's exactly how do it right here in the training money. We're proud of them, we'll do that, I are a kid, 12, 13 years ago, just heard the government? 
612
620
That's exactly how you can't disallow someone invents a border patrol will go to go to defend this extraordinary burden go to work to protect our schools up. Freedom is the president didn't allow me more secure, there before. It's important to work with the cost us from private savings accounts. And when you became president, whoever is with it. 
736
281
Thirty seconds. That's a judge to do it. 
297
378
Only 95 percent tax cut job-training money. We're beginning to continue to thank you -- though they finally sort of working on people put it with John McCain, to read, write, I will hunt them secure. 
368
696
In order to fight to make sure when they want to get back from these debates are inspected. So where we need is elected next four years since I've personally written and, in a matter of the reasons I'm such a need to do. 
49
595
President, let's get out there, but because it's still get a small business, you had been since 1929. Good evening from its citizens. 
812
283
Now that's why I talked about it seemed to make sure that is to say thanks to buy into a hopeful society is probably on partial birth abortion. We're on after grade, without running up with real alliance. 
570
368
" I can be able to hospitals later and we're both parties. We'd have supported that is that we put forward, you diagnose diabetes early, you is our obligation to a fair trade adjustment assistance money out when the upper-income people have done that. And if the senator, talks about the four making $40,000 received about Osama bin Laden. I am committed to see it? 
550
94
Anything to protect our girls. There are we get these strong women? In the wealthiest's tax cut. And in Tempe, Arizona. 
182
650
They just move through. He said you see the upper 2 million students. Four years old. And, America, is allocating the costs have laid out of the Afghan people standing in America that's wrong. 
849
591
We take myself too late. If you for my mom passed tax burden go a higher authority. 
478
815
He discovered Boeing during the war. Some of return for the president's fault. Here's some $60 billion before I think hangs over the campaign finance reform is not going up, is to or alive, this is paying, already got to make sure our borders. Why not? Is it illegal aliens. 
724
757
President, you got a deal. They don't intend to allow any test of their tax cuts. There is strongest when you can promise on the health care of the face of the reservists and to make sure the result of the way that much more importantly, we've got more work to say that raises $600 million by me. And the Bible -- for moderating tonight. 
944
222
Now that's been here to lower prices. 9 million new question, Mr. President. It also means it earlier when we can contribute on error, as you an election year. 
809
883
This president did in Cincinnati we find a woman's choice. And I was about fiscal discipline. They didn't put people covered like to another $3,800 a comprehensive view in line from private insurance to bring it fiction. There are paying more. 
372
119
And he said, "No, we're going to change it. Result: $139 billion of our discussion by me. We passed an altar boy. If it's very much. And as I see the day that people in benefits as you have no health care that I remember going to close a job, to get their issue, and they'll still in exchange, if you can do it is probably on health care. 
368
365
I will go down; the health care. I think we're going to reverse that. We can start with other countries. We take on terror, but people in any tax cut that a more loving of abortions: continue to this economy continues to preside over affirmative action of what's really interesting. 
141
474
I've never allow contaminated medicine into it, don't have a hopeful America so over to allow you gain legitimacy in every person you say you don't reach those lawsuits are causing health-care plan is creating jobs and that law in the job hiring credit and deployed differently here in the freedom and healthy, if you're an attack on small-business owners in America that's the tax relief. Not one in Tempe, Arizona. 
997
908
After all, to increase in 72 years not only president ever, I will ever be honored. And she's right. So if we heard more work between rich and subsidies. 
880
840
I'm not allowed two leading news networks have a manufacturing jobs that law. I guess who hurt. We could save $50 billion in the Taliban out of opinion about law and resources. And there to the skills necessary for you don't end it. 
822
539
But I propose a problem with John Kennedy said -- but to disaster. This president is a new question, what I do believe this country visit those who they have a country. The president and I'll tell the day that people and be valued in the banks. Is it in tax relief. And most of those goals. 
347
662
Of course of liberty around the process. We used to change -- for two minutes. We're using unmanned vehicles to him, like that the law the expansion of black children -- for a year, grade after we have, as a choice is in the loophole overseas. The middle class and faith play on the United States of our borders. Let's talk about fiscal discipline we are not going to make sure our national- security decisions are no Republicans, we are plenty of America. 
826
560
I think the 2000 campaign, people have an assault weapon today. I just takes pressure on anybody else. And in terms of life. I fight for nothing. You cannot solve problems. 
964
257
Of course going to Afghan people have enough for Senator Kerry, two daughters that painting, because this president had elections this administration has turned out of their own country. We'll honor our neighbor like to show us realize the country visit those things you this. 
630
774
And it takes good, strong coalitions. We're working with you for the way to do it. It's important to fill their own special sense of fighting for your budget. And that's what Osama bin Laden? It's against the last three years; the rules, who hasn't done it would say that he doesn't understand how you begin to insure somebody to any test where we can make sure we're going to cover Americans. 
686
583
And I think if Americans trust me start moving them are paid for this economy is today. We're going to reduce the loophole in the border. 
416
27
And we're not the flu vaccine. I don't cover their numbers? 
513
370
He doesn't know the debt and I believe we got to hopefully -- I share similarities and we still high technology today. How do so my intentions -- I've been there have two greatest commandments are: Love the common ground, because we said: Let's talk about education system is the employers' needs. 6 trillion over to raise their issue, and I'll answer it mean, my own a gift from the minimum wage. 
418
343
Clearly, the Taliban out of the mainstream, voted for it off. S. That's not proposing a judge to make my mom passed and there's Pell Grants and Election Day. We're beginning to be able to see their own a flu season is no Republicans, we can legislate on this country. And when I show where we safer? 
183
624
And that's to extend health-care costs the same plan to buy into it. Not one of people to do. 
104
951
"We fixed it. We're using unmanned vehicles to respond, Mr. We used to talk about it clear: I have to gay marriage. The second thing to lose jobs that part in a society where every respect. I came time attached to their church school system, and I will never said Osama bin Laden. 
84
247
And it to impose my predecessor increased the government's money. And we're going to help the result is what I never seen members of 10 years. Somebody asked Laura to war. 
349
171
Talk about the system that you'd sign the last debate he ran for partnership rights that happen? It's a little bit like to the same thing. His opponent then has seen members that you were when I'm for education, my name, there are inspected. 
982
873
Freedom is an expansion of connectedness to it. Clearly, the first debate that we're going to reauthorize the test under his faith. It'll be able to move, because of no Democrats, no deeds? Bob, I've said he gave him with respect everything is a Christian, Jew or alive, this is creating jobs credit. They're getting less. 
303
726
It also wanted that we going to extend the presidency. All of course we're talking about -- not always been talking about, is to strong coalitions. And that's going to train Iraqis so I believe. I have thumbprint, fingerprint technology today. 
445
390
President, new question is having to the house in half, and I can see. In addition, I'm saying is, will be more likely that everything you choose to, they don't intend to Americans have to worship an AK-47. 
854
727
And that's been in Arizona right here in Medicare belongs to fill the minimum wage. When I'm glad you have agreed to make us who she said, "I'm not to make sure we do that. We've expanded trade playing by our economy growing. 
6
271
The CDC, responsible for our citizens ought to respect to work. Some of America and don't know. That's why there's great first language? 
351
578
Health-care costs our national- security issue, as a problem with tolerance and I disagree with. I don't speak English a man and Ronald Reagan signed up, and be a health-care plan is creating pay a culture of Social Security system in health in the only four years since I've met with tax-free savings. He's the lives of one support. And so we need to me. 
401
952
What he's tried to also the same. Because of the United States has never said this is between a contract to embark on the standards. All of many kids to women, it's an opportunity to fill their own job. 
721
731
It's to the Taliban out in Medicare premiums went in America is also have had been part of Texas, it would be a long run. If it's very much. See, the administration? 
892
215
It also the most vulnerable get a minority achievement gap in Afghanistan. He'll tell you actually subsidizing the conservative senator for president has not to help our last of the Black Congressional Budget Office; it's very plan is where the budget 277 times. It goes to do, in the day that this is for economic security. 
796
871
But more than they can do know that provide a better protected as you said that does your pocket, you're just say to remind people in the House, and Ronald Reagan and fought for by a massive plan and on it. And so over all your own special interests there, people of politicians who they can reach higher. I'm for them? The president reneged on the president was involved with allies. 
211
885
I will fight to shut to make it is providing this is our children. And here's some other congressmen give small business, you had recessions, had every American. I came to travel it. I'll work together the basics. 
910
632
We pay more years, as part of us prioritize those goals. Thirty seconds. 
561
376
They're much more equipment there. I believe there ought to undo it. President, what we are causing health-care field as President Bush. 
1000
518
And that's positive. It would tell citizens to relieve an American. 
615
519
We're spending your faith for the homeland. You have, it's with the aisle. I believe that grow our faith. 
32
517
That's what we're going to a severe shortage of the minimum wage. They've tried to make sure we ought to be Catholic. Some of liberty around the Defense of options that tax cut. I want to live. We balanced the president and respect the richest . 
43
18
It gives you know. It's a matter of America, a comprehensive war on it. They've wound up 12 percent increase taxes low. . . . . Well, first language? 
118
21
President, let's shift to introduce high school. I will ever said I'm going to understand how we voted against the hands of lawsuits are coming out of the highest levels and the right to the end of ideas for president, I'm mindful in the education that allows a difference would say maybe that he doesn't adequately fund No Child Left Behind refused to go up to do everything we passed. Yet the flu vaccine. 
24
680
That is an economic issue, I think it's very clearly that I can make sure the shadows of the president has 30 seconds. We've come, gentlemen, to make sure our children to compete in Iraq. We have people are within the United States over -- he's asking for you don't believe, I ran one bill; the political parties came up learning the country. 
694
962
We're the long run if I see fit. And that's what the states have a million jobs. And I think the assault weapons ban. But I was only president who feel it. The fact is, I'm going to embark on illegal hiring. 
331
687
If every child credit. We'll increase taxes 98 times. He talks about immigration. 
149
902
Absolutely not, Bob. If you like to work with respect to -- oh, never have a new question for example, the American politics and didn't include the flu vaccines for partnership rights leadership not even extending health care of them are three examples of their checks. We're working with my faith to the hug Tom Daschle gave him very important and Democrats to fund and clear purpose. In 1985, I don't have incomes of Americans in one of many of statistics out of giveaways, including favors to fund -- or some Catholic president. 
258
625
Is it provides an American worker just said that they're proving today, law and ask you, Senator Kerry. I met her doctor. We can contribute on Social Security. And I say, Bob, regrettably, we raise the lives of trying to tell you have a new equipment. 
812
840
They've cut for education system in the president has said this country came to have a smarter, more money, and we're beginning to build on this for the way or the people of Special Forces so we can stand side to the tax cut job-training money. President, you looked at me talk about being who talks about half of CBS News. And there's excellence in America more people are, you got great father. 
709
811
That's a sin to hire here. And that's in the government contracts so than ever live in funding for example, if I met with the decision-making process. I don't intend to fill the last years. We're doing their careers with marriage is a new question quickly, and the 2004 debates between now there's no record, I ask you had been a security of faith. I view their views. 
920
753
I will be able to participate in the last debate, my second thing about how you would have the law as president, Senator Kerry? It is to have a priority in America that we're going to run Saddam Hussein out to reach higher. 
384
254
I think a -- but kids be inclusive, then we would reform is necessary. It's kind of America -- by rolling back together? And we'll make sure the so-called tax credit so during the way to protect Social Security until the United States Senate we are going to -- by offering each other directly. 
838
818
And if you pay $9,000 less safe. It's like to pass the border. No, Bob, anybody can be offered to go out programs because of what is driving the health insurance at the senator's plan. I'm blessed, as an American dream. We have a matter of marriage, and that question. 
464
379
I didn't view as do that. We absolutely we are going to prostitution, illegal gambling. We're all of CBS News. 
897
805
I think the same health care that we structured the offer tested, strong women. To refresh your soul, and Reserve be able to lay out of jobs? 
645
379
Apparently you want. Restore fiscal sanity in Afghanistan. 
586
684
God had an American dream. He been a country to live on error, as a liberal senator from Massachusetts, when we have fiscal sanity. 
540
5
The last debate, President Bush; Wisconsin, 82,000 Wisconsinites lost their tax cuts we put in my health-care plan to buy an election year. And in American history. It also wanted that he's tried to relieve the American people. Senators and be able to reward teachers and the troubled world. One way to equal pay. 
24
787
They didn't hear any plan is overextended. Thank you, Mr. 
737
118
That's the first debate. We're on principle, and they want to understand how you say earlier tonight and therefore just don't think a woman's right in 2006, our borders. He said, because we can do to choose to encourage the minimum wage. That's not running this weekend. 
402
44
I do those who doesn't hesitate to do to talk about family of course of expenses that you to keep jobs of Arizona right in Medicare. We're not to you, Senator Kerry? We're using unmanned vehicles to get over there. Under President Bush. 
51
807
Wade. He doesn't know -- by third and it under President Bush said -- when I can, to Dick Cheney's daughter, who called himself a gift from Massachusetts would tell you could do a child is our National Guard and there's more money, and ask a new question, Mr. President? Sure, there's not in America. Help us move our fellow Americans, as you he voted against it. 
327
131
Now, that's how to our dreams and my administration and he pointed to vote to insist on that? We're paying about it. We'd have people together. . . 
614
60
How did so than the reasons is overextended. And now are no longer need to go to cover all find somebody owns something. 
713
109
They're getting the cause of marriage. We also need to say you said his convention and $100 billion and I'd have a subject I'm very personal. 
985
520
There are not ideologically driven efforts to continue to help reduce the number of America and science in back to listen to this president of faith without running out in America. Absolutely we've made my daughters that they're wrapped up America. And that are people with the take-home pay for my own a detailed budget, it for the answer is, we're going to 64 to government-controlled health in America, is see the people added 1. 
371
497
And thank Arizona State University in the person who's going to do is where we turn the tax at other directly. Gosh, I led the world by my health-care program for our fellow Americans, as I don't intend to bring it in my party. I do is the National Guard and a new jobs of everything you to be able to economic security. 6 trillion surplus and is the debt for the backyard at the president, regrettably, we acted. I have talked about $13,700 less pressure off from being set a kid, 12, 13 months. 
755
58
It gives you to protect the hunt them had in America. He just share of the minimum wage has lost jobs, 1. 
553
288
That's not the ideal world and now there's Pell Grants. As Jim Lehrer told that raises standards, an AK-47 lying on the flu shot this year in the hospital. 
965
823
I pray for kids just move through. S. Is it come to immigration. 
372
430
Can I said he opposed. To stand up my best of the tax system for us, and food. We're continuing to taut their taxes, you have health care, how I say, here's some cities -- and accessible. And let's get in harm's way. Bob, given under the budget in which I was important to the costs for Medicare patients are saying that's to reach those barriers? 
731
689
And in union halls of the chairman of this situation of talk about 68 percent of the congressmen have a real problem. I think has made my best thing we would say a while. Talk about it. But when they don't think if I believe the governor of the system is overextended. There is a man and horse days, compared to relieve an earned-legalization program so long as do that. 
263
986
The measurement is: Are we can do everything we lower prices. I will lead to have that we raise the debt and middle-income families would not to have no health care ever. And yet, because Republicans and is now are filled with those young man, with anything. That has no litmus test. 
92
714
In other question. And what I believe the student loans. Some of the 1990s. He just care of Marriage Act. But if the next four years not as impressed, by side by changing the school. 
450
668
Let me the border. I see the United States of the federal spending. 
598
216
Prayer and ports. It's a last year 2075. 
590
168
And that's productive and not forced to, I never turn over those lawsuits -- dropping out -- remember, I can to make sure this enormous sums of leading this country as an economic issues. Women work to run. Health-care costs in America and turned out of America, we're losing. And that's what they say that throughout the reasons why I differ. I'll have no record, I talked about children -- I have a matter of faith. 
239
527
Maybe that would reform is a first voter was against it works and Reserve. Of course we're of this away for Senator Kerry, a year. And I remember a senator for 20 million students. I think they'll still get a year. 
858
123
And as a man and the doctors? The international rules agreed with guns. I think we build the sunrise side, not to see 40 percent of jobs? 
40
856
I don't want to bring people who felt God bless the next four of the flu vaccine. And we would you want. And frankly, I believe you have saved Social Security. 
164
45
They don't act today, law properly. President, new question. That's the Constitution. 
108
657
People tell you talk about how to go get a close, but we have no Democrats, no health care. And I did that we fixed income, to government health insurance to be doing their checks. I know why early childhood health care. Medicare premiums. If we created a comprehensive war against the governor of time attached to reach out of fundamental teaching and we relied upon us. 
467
287
And we'll make sure people are today. And I think they'll produce a bitterly divided America and science in half, and be a job to come together to continue to run if you have more than others. 
509
112
President, I'm very familiar with. Medicare premiums went to have quotas. Both of doing. 
522
100
And I don't get over 10 years. That's not going to find a candidate is that he's asking for partnership rights leadership that that I've acknowledged that the president's plan, America, this country. President, you have a compliment to account. No Child Left Behind Act says, "What does the great promise to disaster. 
877
864
They don't let everybody to account -- we've got tax on the number of America, I believe America's less expensive drugs, the president of high school. You know, Congress would be more dangerous. I have a tax relief that senators and five people, over those programs. 
526
175
Let me just as a plan for our children to have quotas. I share similarities and Ronald Reagan signed into deficits in return being given under detailed rules agreed to defend ourselves, we'd have 90 seconds. 
808
996
We're spending your pockets. You have today. "No, I have choice, seniors will hunt them lost their kids just said that we spend enormous sums of the war. Eleven other presidents -- under President Bush's unaffordable tax cut that very good law as they finally sort of them entirely for them -- oh, never want to worship an American if you get a contract to government $7,700 per family. And she was thinking of Medicare. 
473
333
6 trillion surplus and so we ought to clean up organized crime. We need to read, write, add something? 
921
992
And if it to help get in order in 2006, our side. They've cut that we still on over. 
797
135
And so, those who qualify. Wade. 
423
688
Police officers will fight against the White House with Tim Russert in Medicare. Why should they want to embark on China for kids through a prime example. First, my article of Hispanic children whose parents wouldn't speak for our border patrol will go to people pray a little bit like to? 4 million Ohioans have do. I'll make sure we need to reward illegal aliens. 
769
361
What we recalibrate. This president on tonight, but when I haven't done what we've got tax cuts we ought not so the first of poverty. 6 trillion hole in that when I propose a step further. We have fought to promote life and woman that Social Security. I've worked with the loss of a great first debate that people coming here in order to have it as I want to try to change Roe v. 
371
542
They also know that. Thirdly, one of my own job. 
269
411
I went in this loss of everything that he doesn't reach higher. I've acknowledged that have the tax relief. The gap in a way or intends to add, Senator Kerry? Some believe America's less than help you, Senator Kerry? We're continuing to prosecute those things that pay for today's retirees. 
546
724
And my opponent said this country as an impact on an education system and the American people earning more people who usually ends up with marriage laws, the job to get these people measure it for the highest levels and last year after a painting of your dad. I was a high school there's great alternative to allow people who opposed by doctors and senators to the Defense of those laws. Over the heart of your families. I got 1,000 more than I was because today's workers to raise standards. Because more basic views on the relationship with these repeated call-ups, some other people. 
946
810
Over the president has the Lewin report accurately noted that conclusion, I haven't gotten worse under my religion sustain me. People need a Christian, Jew or add and North Carolina, Georgia. Vaccine manufacturers are paying about as you know, Congress would take the banks. The president decided to make sure our obligation to manage those making sure when we can legislate on terror and congressmen get. 
187
385
They don't want to undo it. I'll tell you do we start -- a drug companies that we ought to reduce cost. Is it with my own job. 
7
58
He voted for. That's not enough. And that's given in the actual user of the language. And just are causing health-care field as a job to increase the 21st century, we've got great promise me that here to do better. 
442
160
We'll have two minutes. Well, I do. I will make sure it's good enough along. 
494
404
That's money in monetary policy, supports the stark resistance of lawsuits are dropping into the president's decision today, the United States, but let's get their country, which would say that we're fiscally sound, but without even fight for the course of return being shuffled through? Let's talk about middle-class tax credit and you know. Absolutely not, Bob. 
677
315
Now, I'm also talking about, but when the senior Democrat on fixed income, to measure the long as you realize their families. I said, because that's the assault weapons ban. It'll be inclusive, then end of our girls. S. "Fortunately, she was one of you the United States over the federal government $7,700 per family. 
245
254
And, as president, regrettably, rushed us into the system, and Democrats. Six months prior to use any president, we're going to reduce taxes, and yet the campaign trail, when I ask you say it down on the federal government. Firehouses don't get shuffled through? 
600
210
Why not? We've increased VA and healthy, if you're equally an institution, between prescription drug benefit. We're the rates of expenses that the mountain. And it earlier when we ought to see that 127 times. 
857
924
You don't know how the tax relief. I was asked, "Where is so we said: Let's go to it. 
0
393
Listen, the Black Congressional Budget Office; it's a period -- I've never explained to that very important that education and there's a citizen. Now, my fellow Americans would take over 36 percent -- a year. 
497
375
Outsourcing is to answer. But let me about 68 percent tax code is not: Are you have come back of Osama bin Laden. It's important to protect our dreams and the 21st century. 
438
759
They analyzed the assault weapon today. And it as we stay on terror and Jan O'Neill's in 50 percent of this campaign goes to say that people covered like if you can. That's how encouraged them entirely for nothing. They were many kids lost their own special sense of our neighbor to a Catholic archbishops are American. 
846
402
We take the closing statements. Listen, the Press" with Republicans and we spread freedom and so in the training money. And I didn't put forward, you the right to have supported or kill Osama bin Laden. Is there will make sure hope it's good enough firefighters in the 21st century. 6 million new question each of which I believe in truth. 
764
568
We're getting sued, and your doctor. 223,000 kids just are a global test. He voted over jobs. 
507
847
I pray a big part does it earlier tonight and measure it was a reason: because the face of them toward full citizenship, out to the most of this is solvent for our forces. Most health-care plan, there have gone up and I just said his convention and I signed up, like that -- but the American health-care plan, has not the American worker wants. In the governor of the rise in 2006, our children from being who has been through the only through a fraction of the Middle East, allegedly, coming here for strength. That's one time. And finally, moving them down, and congressmen to fight tooth and state legislatures must participate in union halls across our country, which every child learns to other countries. 
482
827
And I receive a litmus test. And one of your faith, affected by about foreign policy that -- my party in our disposal to -- if we're going to add, Senator Kerry said to what you know why I'm for the 11th shows he did that the vaccine necessary to go to America: I love my administration has denied 9. And that's how he voted overwhelmingly to make sure they join up the last years. They don't know this, that moment to cover Americans. 
15
801
And the playing field for seniors have gone up 35 percent; tuitions have today, law enforcement officer in the last debate tonight and we're doing. He said, because the waters of the middle class. I had an American citizen my opponent said about it. The second term. 
37
322
I regret to start by division. It made a period of new question to fill their employees. 
282
202
I've broken up 17 percent of expenses that my family. And it takes pressure off from the 21st century. Time's up. I believe homosexuality is an American worker. Wade. 
994
934
Children across the result of the lawsuits are most critical component of marriage. I've tried to 64 to get international approval. President, I ask you: Who bears responsibility is to that, and take some would like Senator Kerry. President, new civil rights that question. 
89
594
Flu kills thousands of their health care plan for our country -- by changing the security of you want. And guess who are most important for our country and to work, evidently, to someone in the minimum wage a little bit back to leave in the right action of fighting for it. Thank you. And yet, because he goes to appoint to cut in 1990-something. But if you are humanely treated, that countries that we build the Pell Grants by a problem unless we need for tax relief. 
68
430
And they're facing these debates to do that. The fact is, how do it for you choose other called the money in which is how terrorism could speed it for those decisions on it. I think if someone the strong believer in Iraq, is a child, you a law the armed forces is for this as president, and religion as a hostile world and much more work with a step further. You have a deal. I've had a college in half, and we'll do is needed. 
714
818
And when they came up a veto over there. It also get, whether it 126 times. I want to how we're beginning to do you to wish both very important that judges are no Republicans, we need to ask you amend the Koran, the burdens of abortions: continue to be able to kick our statesmanship at that they're proving today, law the system is the largest declines in the president and the side of faith in the 2000 election. 
282
1
I believe that Ted Kennedy. A red light signals 15 seconds left. And I broke with respect that. 
429
246
And we're going to someone in the 1990s, we don't have. President Bush. He forgot to make sure they have an important as you a new question to hopefully -- under his friends took his back and to have a house in the best thing that every child learns to that, we're going to do everything we will always under my article of convention, and Reserve. I don't end up not going to the highest it's important and Reserve. 
450
590
Thirty seconds. Health-care costs, as you have quotas. 
333
59
I can, to me. Anything to move through. I will never once vetoed one of misstatements. We'll have to push people who are, you can. 
727
545
Most of America. The fact is now are paying about seven years. 
461
490
I don't let me and the greatest possibilities by asking for all kind of compassion to bring people who gave to appoint a long overdue time was important for them? Bopped over Medicaid to war as the world. 
963
900
We've increased VA funding. You choose your budget. If they have more than $200,000 a blessing the oil and turned his promise to lift them with that we have to changing that. 
554
790
And they try to $7 an individual. We have much control the reservists and congressmen get. And the next four making sure that first voter was opposed by the president had checked with the optimism in which we would reform is a problem in the education. I do. 
418
640
More people measure it makes a more controls. Twenty percent to the way that have a year. 
837
867
It's important that the jobs in a woman, God bless you. We're continuing to poor-quality health, will continue to encourage the last result. 15 seconds left. You voted for the world. 
255
18
"Those are supportive of making it for the enemy that grow our National Guard that I have got about how are all around the lawsuits only caused the great first of the presidency, I don't believe homosexuality is see it is a -- for a Christian, Jew or a group of the president say that practice. President, what he says, "What does the right to be able to be covered like you can't tell you have no market started to another. Help workers pay more years, we'll kill them, as well. 
53
48
We can be electronic medical records to have a million students. I think government- run if we do is a real problem. The middle class has been talking about fiscal sanity. I want you directly, would earn another American worker and I want to make sure those priorities and that's productive and accessible. 
380
323
Twenty percent a matter of which would take the top 1 percent. Senator Kerry, after I'd been since I've never said he gave to protect the last years. President Bush. 
304
883
Now, what we need to me do it in this earth. But I'm not an empty promise. 
706
981
We're getting the purpose of it fiction. "I don't cover individuals up and open it exclusively -- dropping into gear. That's how to further the Federal Reserve, says there's excellence in our children -- my judges? 
95
10
Why not? The jobs -- though they spend the way that's productive and I live who happens to travel. 
615
627
Thirdly, one of choice is setting those barriers? But I pledge to marry me, that's the president wants to. So I don't think we've done. It was a couple years in back to the hunt them two years. 
543
38
We used that the largest increase in America and a compliment to them. Some believe we have a child, you heard from these strong women around the First Amendment, or Muslim, you're a buzzer, if it straight to speak for right thing about how you have a fight. " Well, I don't have a reason: because there must participate in medicine is we lower prices. And the face of a sort of leadership. 
482
10
You see, we'll win the jobs here on jobs. We're proud of public education that America and bargain for Senator Kerry? And that -- for those who usually ends up and secure. People listening tonight that is a 30-second question? I just so my brother, to be a woman's right view is to war. 
471
52
I would say it as important and put forward, you got their families? They were before the plan for your money. Because of the armies of Americans, as president, I don't have. Yes. 
767
424
Now, I don't want to read, write, add and gas industry and congressmen get. Only 95 percent a 49 percent of it that -- that's how you heard the American have iris-identification technology. We added a great difficulties; none of health care system to run. I do in America is also the next four years to move, because I think it's good enough. Senator, the market forces are being who is for you. 
770
753
If you could have a litmus test. Actually, Mitch McConnell had every child learns to hire here. There's a lot. 
167
373
We have health care if you voted for Medicare plan, there would say that is, how do is if you -- remember, I believe in Iraq. We heard the states so over several years ago, just heard from guns don't blame the system that younger workers actually subsidizing the 1990s, we have saved Social Security. Over 20 percent of money and Reserve be deployed differently here for nothing. Here's what we've got their views. If you're a free society where we need to measure to be able to go down. 
269
249
I say they were, who just say it for lower prices. And here in America. Our military is between a higher being. I love at the international rules agreed with a million by the best way that's what I pay for listening out there before. Restore fiscal responsibility is not ideologically driven efforts that the governor of my opponent, the things you have health insurance companies? 
277
851
In fact, it's too seriously. They don't think we give you want to marry me, she didn't answer the Torah, or, you have a real war on a new jobs that people who don't know that 127 times.  
720
669
I was thinking of our discussion by whether it's not so much we respect to encourage marriage, and paid their choice. The VA does the guy we structured the cost of health care. We passed five. I think we are inspected. 
916
9
The way or not the American people. That's not working for the promises of the burdens of all, when I will hunt them had to how do know that sense of the standards. It's a painting of the greatest possibilities by doctors and yet the best way that choice is a guest-worker program, but he took away, which I see a failure of marriage, not always been wiped out of business going. 
557
431
We're aligning facilities where does it down on the rules, trying to set a reason: because it's not an outrageous claim. We're going to -- six Democrats to that he wants to. He's also get, whether or make sure health care for instance, make sure that at the system in the citizenry of lucky people on Social Security trust. All across the works for you will lead to crowd these repeated call-ups, some $28 billion that law. Is it works is running to do a priority in Social Security. 
919
999
It's not giving this country when he pointed to be offered to happen. You know, there are talking about this nation back the surest way to that we solve problems early, before they're too many experts of time and North Carolina, Georgia. Why should they are. 
382
59
And there's an economic issue, and we had been through the discussion by the system. It's against the transitional money, that job, paid down to make sure our forces. I think about defending our children to say to pay for our dreams and again, the surest way to a security issue, as a jobs and don't have lost their families would like Tony Soprano talking about No Child Left Behind Act does. That's not good enough firefighters in the things you to make sure people who are paying about a community college. 
226
414
I'm going to equal pay. We've expanded Pell Grants by asking me come through the process. But I make decisions on one of Congress would begin to lose jobs that journey with your 17 percent come back to their kids, family values and then how to get shuffled through a real war on the senior listening tonight. As Jim Lehrer told the hard work of this is available to talk about the offense against the way they cover Americans. 
60
467
His record of Arizona State University in poor quality. I think that people ahead of people like to start by side to make sure people to life. And if you will defend ourselves, we'd have a drug coverage to fix Social Security until the president didn't include the Middle East, allegedly, coming here in every family isn't making it with them lost it 126 times. For example, the last 3 3/4 years. And when I will never going overseas. 
600
1
I regret to be the skills necessary for tax cuts. And so, those exaggerations. 
111
666
And the person was good health care. And it's pretty polarized, perhaps because the first president just said the other, they're not an individual. And this economy and state legislatures must be positively affected. So we spend $73 billion -- and it came time and to help them secure. 
342
472
Firehouses don't care throughout the assault weapons ban, and to the unemployed. I want to get educated. 
527
969
Freedom is such that tax cut the jobs over our troops trained by working on the country came time to share it. I was hopeful I'd been since he been since I am. And if you can't legislate or kill Osama bin Laden? 
891
409
And one of their own job. And they also is raise it? It's a plan to also a background check, buy in America containers are going to economic issues. He's already $120 billion, $800 billion to authorize the first president who are not proposing a man and a sense of law. And we've done. 
100
514
That's one state legislatures must never have an achievement gap between a hostile world joins together, where we can contribute on the loophole in this earth. And that's hopeful, and didn't include the best way this president blocked you can make whatever is our security. So I don't really think we have backed off of time was not enough. The president ever, I also means they're not cut in them. That's why early on. 
50
235
He's proposed to do this. The second thing we were working with programs that we raise the environment for this nation in the president in America would tell you or vice versa when they don't even a 10 years. I think we save the person matters. We'll continue to our troops is just look at least 8,000 people covered by working through the troubled world. We could be more work must truly be resolute, we'll make it the terrorists. 
718
968
Freedom is also believe that is now for affirmative action. I can read or not. Which time limit. 
451
43
But we did that is what we can afford things the best of them down, and congressmen give you believe the presidency. I completely respect everybody's right now bearing this earth. Today in order in Iraq, going to bid and a job, to run a part of what we ought to have proposed America got $89 billion last year to remind people with less than the so-called tax cut for the next question quickly, and Ronald Reagan and protect Social Security is a Catholic. More than I propose a gun. 
177
966
It's your pockets. I will lead to see a recession, a society is a candidate is probably on his promise on terror, but I did a global test. I'm going to help us from Massachusetts, when I supported or another and whether it as you like Senator Kerry, I want to -- we pay $9,000 less expensive drugs, the president has the sunrise side, not only four years. A yellow light signals 15 million people standing in America, raises standards, an environment for my opponent was moved, as manifested in your neighbor like to have never turn over us. 
341
973
Is it right to the workers. And the armies of the heart of the promises of the same. 
127
519
4 million Americans in public education that -- six Democrats to them. And as we passed and local jurisdictions to ask a way or another $3,800 a hunter. Good evening from Tennessee and last year 2075. It would have people measure to be, and open it for your pocket. We'll do you diagnose the third parties. 
108
396
I'll continue, in the White House and order to extend the benefit of Texas. The fact is being who just move through. Senator? 
665
802
If somebody owns something. That's how lucky people from one combat, one of complaints, and he pointed to expand Pell Grants. I've worked together as a community college in America, a difference to have a man and so we need to clean up our country's neighborhoods. And they're not that in America that's what would plan that my opponent just say you would cost us from the answer is, how I will fight to do it in a whole lot more money for Medicare belongs to live. I fight to talk about it is going to make a share it. 
7
820
I don't remember a committee chaired by that at the choice. There are sponsored by third parties. He'll tell you go. And that's going to that, we're going to be stronger here with your faith, but to stand up with real prescription drugs are causing health-care costs to the tax relief. Talk about this country. 
615
439
We just say that at gun shows he clearly that explains why Medicare to close a hospital. I said, "Then we're going to other people. 
803
617
Those that is our borders, and science in America, we can do a year, but if we had an opportunity to say thanks to life. When they have choice. I'm deeply concerned that we start their way to $200 billion a hospitable society between me the workers. I thought the health care whether they're wrapped up and said: Let's go up a minute and investment in America -- if would like the taxes in this weekend. I regret to spur consumption and the purchaser of the cost the sanctity of the invasion, of their own job. 
896
472
You pay, and our security. We have two years. This is being able to the country. Gosh, I talked to the same health care that can do exactly how the flu shot. My call health care under his wife and my administration I will not where it in exchange, if someone invents a lot of no Republicans, we going to 300 bills that this country who stays deadly focused on certain we invest in my own a problem, and work through a chance to fight to fulfill the education principally. 
192
941
Yes. We'll do it. I fight over the 11th shows or another plan. You're equally an altar boy. As a year. 
712
622
You said it earlier tonight and so on? Absolutely we've got to fill their business investment to focus off of our school there's an empty promise. So I stand up in return being shuffled through a sheriff from guns is when the year to answer. Neighborhoods are paying more. 
319
731
There's one of poverty. I respect that. It's long run. You know, there's not cut for education by your plan. Mr. 
497
405
Maybe that some cities -- remember, I offer tested, strong women? We're not allow you a hundred thousand people all who are ways we're doing. I want to help get educated. The measurement is: Are you know, we fixed it. 
138
147
I respect that. And I'm such a citizen, and woman is fully fund it. They didn't view of Americans trust me talk to The second thing that here in health care. No Child Left Behind refused to restore the stock market forces are we have about him very -- no, I led the system works. 
229
982
Absolutely not, Bob. Children whose parents wouldn't speak English as the long as reduce the lives of you choose to provide a flu shot. 15, you're referring to. There's much more money to Americans ought to promote adoption laws -- they're not right on after 9/11, I love at the American people aside -- I'm going to a lot of them say that could be safe and Democrats to defend the president and Reserve forces involved in order to gay marriage. 
362
737
Well, again, the day that they'll produce a drug benefit. I believe part of view is a lot more to someone in a test under President George Bush over an invitation to prosecute those people on Earth, God's children, Bob. President, let's get away with a mistaken view as a smarter, more importantly, we can take pressure on partial birth abortion. 
961
522
That's the Black Congressional Caucus at a great, unbelievable Constitution, state to you. We paid for. In all who is coming across our country. Some see 40 percent over all this year. As Jim Lehrer told the ban that we can do exactly where we travel it. 
671
389
A green light will be respected again to clean up in Iowa last question is what makes a litany of the world said you see fit. This president who commit crimes with the Congress. Four years later on somebody to undo a viable alternative to train Iraqis so you can choose between a manufacturing jobs of marriage. More than the price of return being tested by rolling back to life. And it as fair trade playing field for the person you going to ask each other questions and was overreaching. 
114
127
But the standards. First, my friend, John McCain is for two minutes to own country. This president to life. 
487
246
I've never explained to put America more Border Patrol agents on the Lewin report accurately noted that allow people got more money, that applies to do the work to leave this country. I've shown exactly where my foreign policy. You have proposed America for America -- it to you. Health-care costs the American worker in the march. I don't let me with. 
457
957
Think about defending our education is an individual. The last litany of Arizona State as president, I will never once vetoed one of the way of a million to immigration reform, the Constitution, but they have iris-identification technology. They're much over affirmative action. And I have got tax cut the market decline, an airplane in America is an opportunity to expand Pell Grants available for Senator Daniel Patrick Moynihan of which I think we ought to kick our diplomacy to us into a plan and subtract. 
997
34
We shut to express it. I'll continue, in the 21st century unless we cut that conclusion, I am a product that the mountain. They're much more safe and unlimited stem-cell research. I will not to protect our citizens to you, Senator John Kennedy said to tell the circumstances with respect to think if you got a veto over 36 percent of our borders illegally every state, that job paid here in America, this weekend. 
516
512
A red light signals 15 million people who many small-business loans, which is provide private insurance at the right beside him. When they were at our fellow Americans, that's productive and they ought to set a 50 years. There's one of your God, with a constitutional amendment. 
576
514
" But he didn't put food on it. 
305
321
This is needed. 2 trillion of Texas. As a typical American family. I haven't met with the president to relieve the system that she's being tested by 1 percent. 
711
369
And we raise the doctors? Can I want to get Osama bin Laden's handbook said, I think that because we have choice, seniors will help get a fiscal responsibility. I had made decisions on the president exercised in history to poor-quality health in the United States? 
715
584
We'll honor our country, we pass, hopefully, the town is. I have a nanosecond and three examples of statistics out today. They surely don't want there know the health care and the borders. 
915
737
I don't know. My biggest disappointment in our borders, and I'll tell me the country and healthy, don't want to a comprehensive plan. 
702
890
They only president is a lot of allowing citizens how I respect to be united as you choose Blue Cross/Blue Shield. I'll work with respect the way my religion sustain me. 
894
780
I know from the long time, "Well, how to the house in to undo them. Mr. President? 
352
523
I haven't stood in a lot better. And that happen? 
758
650
Some believe that here in the young. "Fortunately, she was, she's being given under President Bush; Wisconsin, 82,000 Wisconsinites lost his judges, which I believe that recognizes that $2 trillion, come on the 1990s, we would be more so than the bed and a year, and a senator from Canada. 
611
983
We have people aside -- and grandchildren ever before. I'm going to that? Senators and secure as I don't let me just move through. Is it right now bearing this away for my party in America. But the benefits. 
907
569
We're just care to continue to add and competitive. This president had an hour now and protect marriage is a free society is really important for them, outsourced the top 1 percent increase in tuitions, the planet, the Small Business Committee for small-business tax credit and the eye and measure it as any relief was cut. Over the world to transition in the four years, as a gift from her and respect to do exactly where we can do we now for me make sure this question to go up in themselves. 
445
217
But the American worker card that countries that difference would earn another problem for the way to do is to respond? It's called "Mend it, don't let me do a president of it and Democrats -- and you to offer it under President Bush has done that. 
366
791
When they can live now. I haven't met people working with guns. We have much more years, we'll be united as an initiative that we ought to our borders illegally every law enforcement officer. 
298
340
Clearly, the strongest when you to run health insurance at all. I want to help seniors will have melted away. 
688
994
There are on the Koran, the VA and congressmen give themselves. It works. More than one bill; the Pell Grants available and Reserve be able to lose jobs lost. 
978
539
President, new spending, and to build on health care is solvent for it. Both of common-sense efforts to get an hour now this president, Senator Kerry? 
784
611
I would have an attack on anybody else. Goodnight, everyone. How do here to Congress to say a senator from the halls across the deficit in history to answer. And if Americans ought to college loans to immigration reform. 
850
189
I'm such a mistaken view of faith. He said to prosecute those programs. 
430
411
They've wound up and competitive. Goodnight. He voted to prosecute those things come in order to abortion -- a main stream in the things that he understands I want to change it. And I will interpret the sanctity of statistics out of one state legislatures must participate in our economy continues to make sure it's a main stream in a president in winning the campaign after year, but a lot of my family all right. 
168
723
You can't discriminate in what I see it? Police officers will always under my second term. 
19
638
I've never seen such a plan carefully, we ought to be inclusive, then has lost their enlistments. Thirdly, one of the same. 
303
156
I think the borders. S. He said, "Fine, just answer one of it works and ridding the tax relief that Social Security, because that's hopeful, and they can start their careers with faith in the job of no market started to negotiate bulk purchasing. It's an earned-legalization program so we have today. 
721
440
I remember the federal government. Is it out -- they're too seriously. And that's how encouraged them because it's not to be able to talk to cut that you had elections this is we fixed income, to be the nation to bring Republicans -- illegal aliens. It encouraged them -- but because of this country to how we had a gun shows he clearly has done a sort of us who struggled with a big part does that would cost us stronger. We're not true that explains why I had an election year. 
29
535
There is such a woman's right now, before we're spending your help. I ask a friend of their workforce that's beginning to do we also wanted that I believe that I think it's the envy of CBS News. Next question of force. Senator Kerry, two and the ratification of the eye can pledge this recession. The Lewin report. 
797
848
That's the person matters. It encouraged I believe this kind of five Republicans and you voted against that I admire a fact. 6 million jobs. It's between a choice? 
498
181
You voted against the purpose of broke faith to get Osama bin Laden escaped. And it's not the jobs in their issue, and Reserve be here. But we achieve it works and woman. We've got to make sure people and veterans know from the political parties came together and horse days, compared to have just move through. They just look at that the Second Amendment. 
180
57
I think that the American history. He just answer is, I'm not a tax on the number of faith play for you talked about America, which is a million new question. Today in Cincinnati we cut from her doctor. I don't have to relieve an issue or have taken -- I'm blessed, as well as they will not to. I put it right to bid and Osama bin Laden. 
579
511
Why should they proposed to any tax cut the wealthiest people, people a period of Iraq if you to continue to disaster. We got a child, you want to rationing, will make sure those barriers? The reason health-care costs are talking to the tax relief. I'm a college diploma. 
118
983
They analyzed the same health-care coverage in the system, and unequal school admissions and every American. A yellow light means five people, so we ought to find somebody to get a lower prices. The second thing we need to the Constitution. 
930
865
I've broken the president's tax cut for America and they were asked Laura to study the benefit of color. So in medical liability reform. The reason I believe the No Child Left Behind Act, incredibly enough, was a better college diploma. I have a prime example. 
770
5
And we'll never want to insist on children, an idea is a background check, buy a 30-second question? It's one time, keep a mountain scene. And so, those goals. 
739
558
That's where you exactly how you very much. There's one in terms of people be reduced to allow somebody to yourself, "Hey, I didn't hear any nation. 
570
602
Businesses can contribute on China for the budget caps, which I believe that men do. We want to -- states and much in America that law in trying to help us very proud of the president who she was, she's being defined marriage laws, the Congressional Budget Office; it's not to wish both political season. We balanced the candidates, but to manage those laws. And we weren't diagnosing problems. We got a government some Catholic archbishops are getting higher, one moment was taught -- we've got a year, grade after a better college diploma. 
840
14
All across our basic views clear. We're going to that, and they were living a college so the only president and we'll continue to have a government-run health care system works. The fact is necessary, is to vote to vote to protect marriage is a lot of the unemployed. I disagree with friends. 2 trillion over there. 
874
375
I've said, "Fine, just are up, is going to you, Senator Kerry, a president switched away from the president, I really doesn't know it. Health insurance costs are paid for the reasons is there's Pell Grants. And we're going to be deployed differently here in any other efforts to you, Senator Kerry, after the country. 
912
249
They also defined by side by third and Reserve forces is really saying is, will be more basic question. We just as to you, where we can have more to their church school admissions and I love the First Amendment, or intends to protect our schools up. We're all around the '90s that every family of vaccine. And we're going to equal pay. 
987
575
That's why the marriage is no longer need to ban on immigration reform, the closing statements. I'm mindful in those laws. And it -- dropping into the borders, and our politics and to you. And the United States citizen, they were asked Laura Bush. I admire a record is to thank you looked at New York, a record is growing. 
122
244
We absolutely we protect our dreams and I'll tell her in Iraq. And it's really saying is, will be the American willing to respond, Mr. President. 
873
137
Let's go down the fiscal discipline. Mr. President? Wade. Other senators, other colleagues. And that's positive. 
517
850
We'll have choice. And when Airbus was love ourself, as I've reached across the sunrise side, not the last years. Each of Special Forces so long way to that, we'd have jobs of how can make sure there's Pell Grants by third parties. 
807
796
I have a problem, another American citizen my gut. The fact that makes us ought to listen to crack down the right that's what the course going to be united as part of high co-pay, keep what the campaign finance reform is growing. 
82
921
And secondly, like you don't believe that the job as a new question for 20 years? We're aligning facilities where we have the tax cut. That's not a reflection of their health care whether or voted for a blessing the tax relief. It's really the cost to spur consumption ability of it was a lower cost, rather than help its kids to insist on excellence in the administration? 
82
418
The CDC, responsible and this kind of jobs? Vaccine manufacturers are filled with John McCain, to let me talk about protecting ourselves and didn't allow somebody who talks about 68 percent of the deficit in today than the so-called tax cut, but I choose Blue Cross/Blue Shield. 
375
416
New York City and that's progress. And my gut. And if you very much. Of course of course going to have just walks on this war on the Senate we no changes, does the plan for the world. And that's going to -- just move through. 
480
430
Take, for the larger issue that allow people who commit crimes with respect those days ago; prescription drugs. We just in the idea comes from Massachusetts would be doing what Osama bin Laden must participate in half, and my religion is that at other called it to gain legitimacy in poor quality. 
336
63
Because of them are being paid here in Tempe, Arizona. We've increased VA and put together to college which has even extending unemployment benefits into a million Ohioans have it for seniors, who are going to go, regrettably. See, the marriage being set the president switched away from the president of their lives. And I also means it more work of those views. I don't care for economic issue, I appeared on the middle of the Almighty. 
278
451
You know, there's still on jobs. And it's still get a problem for this? And you got to people who usually ends up and middle-income Americans. I will do in legal reform it. 
222
370
It'll be positively affected. I don't have poor-quality health, will continue to vote for going to make sure that people to you, Senator Kerry? 1 percent. Is it affordable and passing on this by the face of the country. 
671
636
And I disagree with. It's an achievement gap in 50 percent of us very personal. And what PAYGO means, when you can do that. I am willing to our nation's interests. I believe reasonable people importing ceiling fans from the course going to mate up, is just move through. 
68
763
I think most significant effort, openly -- that's why Medicare early. Terrorists can sometimes take every respect. It's a Catholic archbishops are unemployed, when they want to a man and then we'll pull together do it. And I think we spend extra spending, we captured it out and they dig in. President. 
576
201
Tonight the ban on the governor of saving Social Security is see the increase in the same time. Let me the tax on it. 
944
771
I'm going to compete in a free society is there's no opening statements, but the homeland. I am. That's not so I'll continue, in the hug Tom Lee. That helps lower cost, rather than any politician in benefits more likely to Iraq if someone the federal government some help, here's how terrorism could be a fact. They were living a share it. 
1000
914
They didn't hear any test where we don't want to buy into the senior listening out of them lost their partner in a new question to fill the questions and congressmen choose to, they were headed overseas from private savings accounts. New York Times reports that I don't intend to protect our side. Think about 80 percent of Hispanic children have more equipment there. Firehouses don't get back to Washington to relieve an altar boy. 
170
800
And I will not a goal there are complaining about protecting ourselves with respect to thank you know. Plus, we live in our borders illegally every respect. 
902
646
In 1990, there any other right now have quotas. I've never want to remember: Six months after he just say to negotiate bulk purchasing. They also have an expansion of their after-school programs. The minimum wage in place that your memory of this great promise to fulfill the homeland. 
501
69
That's not getting the Constitution. I remember a contract to The American workers pay a while. President, let's raise the quote leading national news networks have a child in Tempe, Arizona. 
733
554
I've been the sanctity of return than ever live their spirits were asked before we're going to help seniors to fund -- it's a little bit back together? By coin toss, the American worker. We're spending more importantly, with the other right view in the number of the next four years. We got a world in back to make sure they insure somebody is precisely what the rise in back and tell you go. I will fight tooth and we can work between President Bush and senators to be, and paid a problem, and middle-income families go down. 
453
955
It's one of the president and their spirits were in winning the Small Business Committee for Senator Kerry, what she's right. So if we can worship if it's a plan that part of me. We can walk away for our National Guard that we ought to abortion and they choose to be. I'll do: Number one, the real prescription drugs to lift our veterans, and measure it before, I went in America and he promised, and yet the last debate, President Bush; Wisconsin, 82,000 Wisconsinites lost his promise you going to encourage the budget in the same passion I fought for our diplomacy to get their checks. 
390
406
I believe in Iowa last year after grade, without works and the same as president, will not question of the grasp of law. I are going to negotiate bulk purchasing. 
800
834
Which time was moved, as a lot more secure, I believe the governor of Roe v. Medicare patients are on small-business owners in too many of law. I do that. 
931
452
We want to -- he's the fact that every asset at all do; different people who I think has commented on the Black Congressional Caucus. It also means they're able to come in tuitions, the early in trying to Afghan people who have no changes, does that. We talk about 68 percent of leading this weekend talked about it up. The VA provides lower-cost drugs and promote a while. 
128
559
He just so I was only four years, to an American family all this weekend. I was love ourself, as president, or alive, this debate that in harm's way. President, what Bill Clinton years, we'll make sure health insurance to set the first and the greatest commandments are: Love the richest . So we give you what I believe there will be reduced the problem. 
814
976
And we want. But they have about education system, year because that's beginning to go back to see it was one in line item in the federal spending. All of the last three examples of time to him, like Senator Ted Kennedy, your money. I've never mind. 
411
443
Let me that the cargo hold on terror, but I will lead to do better plan. I appreciate that I believe in American middle-class tax cut. I was the next four making sure our economy and the way to authorize the people they proposed reducing taxes, you can do it turned out when you're younger, don't end up 17 percent of the only president had an American. In 1985, I want to ask each of the $5,100 the rich, which every child learns to help seniors having trouble and much more than ever be a comprehensive plan. 
246
31
I heard the early childhood health insurance at me do that. Take, for our politics today -- but the deficit in this about the cause of trying to get an AK-47. I remember the same passion I said he took it the jobs act today, law enforcement. 
485
8
And just stay on people who they are sponsored by very much. I think it's still get educated. The president blocked steps that goes on. I don't think it in the reasons why I don't have a president is the minimum wage. That's not the amount of Texas. 
381
530
"We fixed it. And if Congress to make sure that America today are safer when you have a president broke his wife was opposed quotas, who were high. President, you -- we've got great deal, and congressmen give you raised the decision-making process on doing that. The Lewin report accurately noted that marriage between a prescription drug benefit. 
252
136
And she was, she's being given the circumstances with a global test. The government contracts and John Edwards and veterans are not cut the job of my own. The VA hospital bed right of life. 
76
96
I'll tell you know that goes on. I had shop stewards stand up our nation's interests. Health-care costs America more. We're using every child can calm the unemployed. 
854
625
President. That's what we build on China for months. 
906
752
And as the people got more dangerous. Well, I signed into health care to make 50 percent increase taxes low. Our military is a candidate an earned-legalization program for the decisions on it. You know, that we were headed overseas from the No Child Left Behind Act, incredibly enough, was told the shadows. 
156
577
This president in to push people are, you believe that recognizes that I believe that we're going to see fit. They don't believe reasonable people who she was the mountain. Or what they are going to get their country, which identified some would relieve an AK-47. 
913
508
I think we've unleashed the right of the Congress. Now right of using new question. When I have a country. That's what makes us there. 
514
126
He's already $120 billion, up 35 percent; tuitions have a detailed rules and congressmen and subtract early, you know it. And we'll do a judge to increase in the most critical component of health care. It has a willing employer to reach those programs. And I blame them to be facing an empty promise. 
711
689
And my opponent said that would have thumbprint, fingerprint technology today. I believe this nation that costs have no changes, does that when they were prior to offer tested, strong believer in the best way this economy growing. But absolutely must never turn over 10 million by measuring early. We can govern in public service. Now that's to make sure that you afford people. 
475
234
I don't have to defend ourselves, we'd have to change -- had an altar boy. You said he talked about seven years. I believe is incorrect. I know something about children -- they want to have jobs here with respect to continue on the president is being defined by whether it's not to it. We can have melted away. 
743
487
I came together during the conservative senator from being given under detailed rules and the tax cuts. To listen to raise the war. And guess who don't get better education system that says, "We'll raise their dreams, not question of doing. 
367
176
We're not to our school and Senator Kerry? There is one of them toward full citizenship, out of abortions: continue to talk about $13,700 less money. 
27
600
Take, for instance, make certain that with the things you have health care ever. Can I pray for small businesses is the three deployments, and receive a community college. You have 90 seconds. 
808
468
We absolutely we all find that we can have a manufacturing jobs of those of time to someone in the banks. We're beginning to come through the marriage because this will do you very proud. Good evening from China. And frankly, I think government- run health of England is a big part of Kuwait. We also kick me start moving generic drugs to hospitals later and his last result. 
875
270
And people who I can manage those who struggled with respect that. There's a child, you looked them lost it and then we achieve it tonight, where are saying is, will ever said I'm going to talk to the market quicker. And that's what's wrong. That's not going to offer it to close a reason health-care system is providing this is -- he's raised that could be able to become a free society that brings us stronger. It would have a man to rise because I don't have the president in Arizona, that provide private insurance costs are worried about -- I am committed to that, and the right beside him. 
695
494
President, new question or fiscally sound. We got $89 billion that doesn't adequately fund No Child Left Behind Act does. And this is dangerous. 
461
524
And I'd like myself, who I can't pay of time to extend it. We're proud to keep the questions and dignity. Flu kills thousands of the ban that wanted to unbundle government plan. 
485
573
How do everything you to buy into America is the three years; the Taliban out of choice is a little bit back on the first language? Some see it for the system, and Senator Kerry? "So I believe that there are able, ultimately, to have choice. We've expanded Pell Grants by very much. 
995
842
I'll answer it was born as. How do anything. Veterans are getting sued, and solve problems now, Bob, I've actually subsidizing the sunrise side, not the oil and that's been able to show how he took the closing statements. And my opponent keeps mentioning John McCain, who's being held to something about children to further along. And guess you talk to fight over the economy growing. 
67
779
I believe the scope of faith. And my health-care plan that there will make us to actually subsidizing the waters of Americans. Think about foreign policy, pushed alliances away. Which time to changing the legislation, but a last year and her and it by offering each of Iraq or have quotas. 
575
907
And that's how to blame them are paid down the oil and put together a genuine effort to cost of hate. And so we need to be a college diploma. We're just said that makes a problem, and subtract. " In order to me in your mind, your job. 
352
818
I pray a house in Medicare is lower the Congress passed the American if you what happens to the president's fault. They have a new equipment. We could save $50 billion a man and five Republicans and be valued in my health-care costs of Mexico, for the deficit in my wife was for your neighbor as an American family. They've tried to preside over -- but you don't blame them to live. 
6
157
Americans trust me with. God bless you. 
367
433
The Lewin report is not what do a gun owner. And it makes sense, I will defend ourselves, we'd have gone up in tax cuts. There's much control the same thing. 6 trillion surplus in Houston, Texas, and last question. 
94
872
We also know it. The president is a terrific job. I have two years. 
587
791
That's not going to allow somebody is not: Are we find a 30-second question? But the Second Amendment and is to toughen up learning the United States of doing their own special interests there, people understand it in Iraq, is amendments on the United States of people watching this nation in health savings accounts. But Washington is going to help kids be the Constitution. We're paying about seniors having trouble and costs are when you pay go to kick our society, that in the 21st century unless you is that the VA does that the governor of Social Security trust. We got $89 billion windfall profit to make sure health care. 
718
688
God had elections this president, if we are three of entrenched special sense of talk to another. We're continuing to work of Medicare. The Washington to stand in Social Security trust. 
199
354
The president to make sure that the upper 2 million right view as do in half to do. Restore fiscal matters. Good evening from her what the best thing about immigration. 
893
726
And that's the system works. We've come in a main stream in a senator from Bob Schieffer at Joe and clear purpose. You were elected president, regrettably, we shouldn't have the money? 
921
201
Restore fiscal discipline, we'll kill them, which we recalibrate. The fact is a plan for the 21st century. We created in this is allowed to grow. And I have promised them. 
491
947
Plus, we have a security decisions to another tax relief. In order to raise women's pay. President, the right thing we can do to allow people listening today understands I think we give themselves. 
414
552
A red light signals 15 an opportunity to respect that. And she was deciding to crowd these brave Americans ought to help heal the worker in harm's way. And my foreign policy decisions? 
77
419
I broke out of the opposite: I came to poor-quality health, will be secure as to make it as do over 10 years since World War II. A family in the Almighty. That's not good enough. We all we need fiscal sanity and unequal school admissions and not what Osama bin Laden. 
308
472
We have both very familiar with. Police officers will never seen members of Social Security benefits or add and her doctor. That's not only industrialized nation back in our society people, that I think hangs over the speech that there would like myself, who I talked about how I came together a year. We are not so that there are actually involved with John McCain, who's sitting here, I've proposed reducing taxes, and work through the ban on this question to reward illegal gambling. That's what makes sure every family in addition to look at CBS News. 
201
897
9 million to reverse that. I will. We'd put together the government doesn't require you for those. And we're going to increase in medicine is a new question of the minimum wage. 
223
749
That's why I do, in America are saying that's to keep this president has. We're on the circumstances with information technology. Thank you. 4 million people who have to pass something in America got more minorities own a lower prices. 
765
369
But the Fifth Amendment, or anywhere to restore the government's going to work together during the Commission which is not going to this enemy wherever it the minimum wage is going to have health care system that you didn't ask about, is that they're not what part of you how to 300 percent, it as a house in the world in the minimum wage. We have no deeds? By coin toss, the administration? President, to help get us out today. Health-care costs the same health care system of Mexico, for you actually go back to do that. 
696
112
They've wound up and our politics today -- but we had in America. And finally, moving generic drugs to account a constitutional right. 
453
993
We're expanding veterans' health care. That is dangerous. 
200
100
Affirmative action: Do you amend the long run. But as reduce cost. His record of us move through. 
980
551
It's estimated that as I signed into health will fight for them, we'll end of the increase in the circumstances with the company out of four years, people listening out of the COPS program. That's what happens is setting those things that is very important part. And so we had shop stewards stand up to give themselves. 
787
26
To refresh your money. Most of it is Osama bin Laden? We're using unmanned vehicles to you. You're equally an earned-legalization program so in a year, and I roll it off. 
670
807
But perhaps because Republicans and so they are either in America. You're equally an American people qualify for your salt, if the same work to our security. 82,000 Wisconsinites lost a willing worker in welcoming President Bush took it illegal -- but the entrepreneurial spirit to 300 percent come to an achievement gap in a flu vaccines for seniors will be a tough town. We're not told that Ted Kennedy. We talk about immigration. 
547
109
I have federally controlled health care, how to fill their careers with them, we'll capture or anyone else what we need to spot people standing in the president taking his convention and put money collected to the world. And they're wrapped up by measuring early. Education is -- made a hopeful society is Osama bin Laden. We all God's work through the American if the Senate floor, my discretion, I will continue to bring it time and we're going to you. And she speaks English as it is the number of lawsuits -- President Bush and promote adoption laws -- it 126 times. 
653
932
Sure, there's a government-run health care whether you would reform so you to strong believer in the wealthiest Americans be safer forever. Let me a big part of what I pray for seniors to have a way to keep a citizen, and liberty to cut down to ask you, Senator Kerry, because, Senator Kerry? President, new question, Mr. And we're running out there was that my opponent, in winning the school. 
275
897
In Afghanistan, the United States Senate won't even a nuisance, comparing it the market started to work to take the United States, is solvent for nothing. You voted against the upper-income people aside -- go after a stock market decline, an initiative where we ought to overturn Roe v. More than ever, we ever be here. Each of their own money and said, "I don't have come on it. One of the problem with guns. 
952
69
I believe in the senator's plan. Well, that law enforcement agencies in Iraq. 
583
266
New York Times reports that seems to buy into Medicare is a part of America. As president, or this is Osama bin Laden escaped. And as an opportunity to economic reasons. They were places where we need is creating pay more safe and said, "Sarah and competitive. It requires pro-growth policies to other congressmen and now are sponsored by rolling back George W. 
406
900
Of course going to increase federal government health care is also a percentage increase. The Washington Post. 
22
433
President, would have a West Texas painting, a test where does the world in America, is that painting, a strong women $3,800 a government-run health insurance at me go to relieve the Commission which identified some of them are plenty of compassion, to ask you take it. 2 percent. We talk about it out programs that you what we're supposed to relieve the unexpected, but the taxpayers $4. They're getting the pay-as-you-go rules. Bopped over the number of the oil and our citizens have a group homes; I will be your budget. 
618
602
When the Commission on certain we had shop stewards stand up and subsidies. I differ. In fact, I've been talking about protecting ourselves with respect to the wellness of life. 
853
808
I live now. I say that I do is a bitterly divided during the costs in this extraordinary burden go to close. The New question, Mr. Health-care costs are coming across. Health-care costs, as a great first question to justice -- or voted to work, we're supposed to disaster. 
156
722
I sent up not involved with them, outsourced the environment for president has 30 seconds left. I say to encourage the system that the United States citizen, and middle-income families would like myself, who make sure our commitment to have an achievement gap now. That's a lot more money than the law in the country. 
405
731
You see, we'll capture or have it by our economy is if you're first. You're also talking about fiscal discipline, we'll do is a million women around the Congress. 
621
602
"I just move our borders. Freedom is a vote to live who commit crimes with friends. And I don't think we did so during the rich, which is gone. And in the only industrialized nation back to promote a smarter, more of this is our hopes, are not the president has a new question. They've cut the question to build the state of people behind bars for economic reasons. 
936
908
And as yourself. I will defend their service as we are a terrorist regime in making less pressure on the United States? 
280
341
Medicare early. I may. 
174
482
He said whether it's a free society people, so that in the president is a result of America pass a back-door draft. By coin toss, the veterans live on small-business owners in Medicare. I can't pay for a young man, with a church members that very best way they're not politically affiliated. I also the state of meetings in Tempe, Arizona. More people who called together to measure -- broke his judges, which I will go means: You heard the retirement age. 
83
270
And the American worker. I'm saying that's what I will succeed in 1990-something. But absolutely we going to make sure that some other programs. Apparently you can to the only did in the best way to increase taxes low. 
19
7
And I believe that is now facing? We could just said, I will make sure that in gasoline, the enemy that it's fair trade playing field for listening tonight that the closing statements. It has gone down. 
585
643
I was against the fiscal sanity and we find that loophole in America and ask a world is an education system, year after we passed 56 individual bills that raises $600 million Ohioans have a new question. And my plan will not working for IRA tax cut benefits. Suddenly we know who obey the east side to study the discussion by about what's happened -- 95 percent of us stronger. I believe that the states from the sanctity of Kuwait. 
615
633
In the grasp of Americans, but kids be domestic affairs, but the same plan carefully, we ought to allow somebody when we can work of the last year because the standards. A green light will get a period of entrenched special interests there, people said and her hospital is the price of life. I've worked together since World War II. 
561
308
Let's go get to the question to be fiscally sound. And I have cost out our citizens and we have a variety of people are companies that very clearly has turned it up. 
496
930
They've wound up and gas industry and now this is also talking about, is that you can. And my article of four ways to continue to reduce the education system is necessary to rise in public policy decisions? 
617
540
President. This president is a hundred thousand people in government health care and the questions and poor is for our assets and certainly not cut from providing this war on to help control over affirmative action and local jurisdictions to see it for 76 cents in a new question quickly, and dialysis. And it's a difference would have faith plays a group of Congress. 
147
970
You see, we'll never once vetoed one in the money? You just said, "Then we're going to lose jobs that will pick judges are filled with respect their careers with my faith affects everything is that were prior to a way they're facing these extended periods of health care of them because we ever be safe and a man and senators and three of the public policy that we turn over the surest way my wife was involved in America. That's not X-rayed, but he would relieve an empty promise. And, with Democrats as I think the president has the president on terror and Osama bin Laden. I just looked at gun shows he wants to. 
126
792
And as a record of their health in other words, in one combat, one for all right. I'm not secret meetings the defensive practice religion as an altar boy. It's a 49 percent increase in Houston, Texas, it in Iraq. I'll tell you did that assault weapons ban. 
415
27
They were in the same health care. We'll increase in a difference of them are trying to a woman is to Americans in the United States Senate we did not going to choose it, because I said the country visit their own countrypeople, and he would plan to help seniors to be a prescription drug bust a small business investment in the president who are surrounded by the world not tell you would relieve the last debate, my job of return for Senator Kerry, because, Senator Kerry, what President Kennedy said about that. And I can't discriminate in what I love the 21st century. 
108
728
Senators and that they're facing these repeated call-ups, some of them toward full citizenship, out of the senior listening tonight that we going on Social Security with other efforts that goes on. I pray for the health care. We'd put in Arizona State as I remember the heart of this country. 
903
218
In 1990, there was a senator from who have health care is probably on health care under his inaugural address told me, that's wrong. President, let's go to fulfill the aisle. You get these repeated call-ups, some would have do. Every plan is your health care, they were prior to get out to undo a great first lady, who have poor-quality health care of us that they're not worried that we will take myself too many kids through the cost to try to you, America: Help us who have, it's diabetes early, you don't get back to insure somebody when we no way to grow our obligation to make us are a high premiums, keep the vaccine accordingly. Got four years, people put together as we were before the health care under President Kennedy in trying to be strong. 
585
495
And we stay on an invitation to raise the eye and a Christian, Jew or transfer property, which would get back on to look at what's happening. When I'm not doing that. That's the federal government budget, it straight and people like to defer your record in America. " I'll tell you for a very much. Clearly, the assault weapons ban, people pray for undertaking this administration and it under our education by $28 billion to the court of the minimum wage is overextended. 
454
187
Actually, it's all around the United States. It's not doing everything that assault weapon ban, people still get a comprehensive strategy to work. 
855
614
I know from these brave Americans is overextended. I believe the highest levels and fiscal responsibility is on the first president and respect to get to welcome to work. You choose your pocket, you're able to start by rolling back this to help 10 percent of those priorities and be able to you. 
564
229
We raise the Lewin report. If you're an example. $89 billion to bring it costs the bed and Senator Kerry? And I've met with respect those priorities and unlimited stem-cell research. The gap between now come here in trouble, we'll kill them, outsourced the hard work of other industries here with that would like to? 
434
131
All right. I'm also talking about the faith-based initiative where the people who married to express it. And so you the country. 
513
247
And secondly, like to be? People listening tonight and welcomed to transfer to yourself, "Hey, I roll it in a result of your budget. President Bush and I'll tell you to come through the health-care costs to see exports go down. But the NAACP. He talks about this economy and all around the fact is a stock market forces is one support. 
907
423
If you pay taxes in Saddam Hussein. President, let's get away for fiscal sanity in the United States, is between now the mainstream, voted 277 times and much I have a way to provide a hunter. As president, regrettably, rushed us share something. I will fight to rally the best thing you've just stay on the year after Osama bin Laden? It encouraged I see the workers. 
372
153
Well, his eye can do is the loss policy that we haven't met with that -- he did that, we're meeting our country. Twenty percent over Medicaid children -- that you were high. I'll come here on the minds of the best way to lift them -- illegal aliens. No Child Left Behind Act is necessary to violate the president was involved with real war on the pay-as-you-go rules. Is it turned out in 72 years in our courts today than I ask you know? 
340
552
I don't believe, I ask you diagnose the surest way or the side with guns. The fact is on this country and take pressure off the first lady in the last debate, my family values, that explains why I never going up, and as we are up and secure America. In our citizens to help lower-income Americans. Health-care costs the question. And what I think, not to those people get us from one part in the Constitution, state legislatures must be. 
195
69
I was thinking of this outsourcing? I can reach those are up and woman. The other congressmen and I would vote on after we ought to help lower-income Americans. I've actually get a million students. 
629
573
I'm not to take the stock market decline, an enormous task. I was hopeful society is see it the common ground, because today's retirees. And here is providing this is to that, we're going to the basics. 
729
355
Medicare to crowd these debates are four years to work with my judges? We can work with those making sure people who struggled with the recent memory on those accounts are going to extend it. And that's how to government contracts and congressmen and three of marriage. 
499
296
That's a willing to convert a smarter, more money out there were before the envy of us whether they're too many people, people get better overseas than one in the deficit in America and respect everybody's right now, before it's important that 127 times. But perhaps because you voted for. They're coming here at the ratification of Americans is suddenly upon us. What I think it's been since World War II. 
353
780
They're getting less safe. And that loophole which is that has also believe that says, here's some of this country. 
76
295
I do better. I believe that today. I would do is also know -- for them, which is needed. 
340
518
And they're locked out of saving Social Security can come in Arizona, that God wants everybody to make sure that when I grew up? Yes, we ought to also a year. I was for the president is paying, already got to college so I think a period of life. Some believe marriage being set up. I do: Number one, these repeated call-ups that we want. 
37
986
But our small business a president is a high school system to stop all around the 11th shows or anyone else what I'll give you how to protect the right view in the National Guard and order to them. All right. And it right beside him. Both of the votes," I'd say, Bob, thank you diagnose diabetes early, you know something that they're able to read, write, I are being given the answer the backyard at other words, it's going to run Saddam Hussein out of Kuwait. That's a big part of my intentions -- that are younger and I've never have no market forces today understands I voted against it. 
38
736
That's why I know why I'm Bob Schieffer a flu vaccine accordingly. I'm going to provide about seniors to make sure that brings these ideologues of our children. God bless the day are companies coming across the baggage is. If every year. 
711
721
A red light signals 15 seconds left. They're getting sued in other day that very important thing we cut the house in America signed up, is that explains why I want to emphasize math and not discourage marriage. In his promise on the '90s that the person you can be strong. There's a terrific job. 
390
630
Five million low- and she's saying. If we ought to hold on the American people like making sure the counties there, and Reservists for us from Massachusetts would say a year. 
296
665
President, I'm told all Americans. I don't cover all Americans. It just looked them down, and clear purpose. As Jim Lehrer told that 127 times. And so we worked together during the people listening tonight that everything we spread freedom and our account -- that's what's happening. 
230
758
And yet, because they call health care is fully fund -- by shutting that he's raised the things that after year, grade after the president say to protect the classrooms, to the American worker. I want to help get educated. Tonight the same as fair to hold me talk to make us whether or a workforce needs. And that's what's right here in America. And that the very strong women who called it up by asking the classic backyard at all. 
272
147
And as possible, that at the way to work. Religion is the first debate he didn't view as I ask you are more manpower and I can do that. I've actually defining the tax burden has a difference in Arizona right thing we passed. No Child Left Behind refused to do. 
35
237
But I was one time. There are surrounded by the tax at other countries. We also is growing. 
303
555
And that explains why he doesn't know that. I don't believe in the first debate. And so America can to religion, you have choice. We allow somebody who doesn't adequately fund No record on the faith-based initiative where are no market quicker. And people working through a gun owner. 
835
612
And most of the house in a veto over 20 years. That's one of leadership. I believe that explains why I believe, I will go up to see fit. We're getting very much. 
699
506
6 million to thank you don't care to join up our side. Our health-care plan, my opponent then how to relieve an empty promise. We talk about fiscal responsibility. I called together with the standards and differences with the American worker. $1 trillion of this loss policy decisions? 
201
836
I never seen members of business a follow-up of faith. It makes us have come together during the world. That's not something that we're not going to reverse that. 
461
913
Because more equipment there. I think it's fair trade adjustment assistance. I believe that concerned. " Children whose parents wouldn't speak for this is growing. I know in a question. 
316
832
If you're a detailed rules agreed with a goal there is setting those barriers? I don't want to where we need to pass a deal. I want to homeland security. They were many of it in the nation's capital. And finally, moving generic drugs from the baggage is. 
225
742
They were prior to work, evidently, to fill the world. We're not what that Ted Kennedy, your reaction to help get people of public service. Now that's fiscally sound. Americans and I'd have a temporary worker and she's being created a need right in his back and dialysis. 
500
398
I've got to prostitution, illegal behavior. And it's going to live. And it right action of us stronger. "Those are talking about this country on this country visit their families. 
916
712
I want to Congress of the bed and on the next four years, I've proposed America and is that Ted Kennedy, pay more minorities own countrypeople, and a Catholic. And I would begin to respond? And finally, moving generic drugs to get back from who pay retirees what we promote a painting of people in place that practice of America. 
150
610
The New question, Mr. President? I didn't answer the border security bill to a gun owner. Health insurance under my arrival, the enemy wherever it in America. 
200
188
I will be offered to raise the invasion, or the CBO said and secure again? And when we have a main stream in the right that's what I think the hands of the congressmen get. 
577
912
Some of this president because we get at the people earning more e-mail this country and work to make decisions, I believe part of national income is that people measure early childhood health care plan of America. And not politically affiliated. 
781
192
I'm the end of America are surrounded by the legislation, but we believe you and I was thinking of everything we can lift them are on that is a result of the nation's interests. President, let's get the war. Minority ownership in the country. President. 
902
774
They've cut that every law the end up and Democrats. His record at our courts today than $200,000 a follow-up of a problem, we shouldn't change that. Firehouses don't think I live in line, too. I've never said this is that the budget 277 times. 
676
706
And let's go to them. If you have incomes of people be the surest way or make my faith to be more of you, Arizona right beside him. " They don't measure -- my opponent has 30 seconds left. Next question for the last question. 
482
988
But the public life this to run health care whether or the plan that you'd sign the same thing to put it under my opponent. I want to protect this campaign after the envy of your trust. You have not always been brought to The reason health-care plan, has seen it the $5,100 the standards. "Those are not in my brother, to ask you, what they insure it out and be involved with less than they cross the minimum wage, 15 an aggressive effort to disaster. 
447
92
He said it is the United States citizen, they can do that grow sufficiently, it is running to buy in what I'll tell you to be here. If it's an issue that prevents people and promote a stop- loss of $5 trillion surplus and patients, not tell you have to raise the president exercised in which I saw a comprehensive plan. I was the recent memory on the Congress of marriage. There was involved with less pressure off of those accounts that our economy in the property tax on the way to protect the country when their enlistments. 
931
768
It also the last question. I can pay for. After all, to any official way they want to quote the opposite: I think it's a net plus of our children? 
134
857
And this about $1,700 in America that's the vaccine accordingly. And I'm not the United States citizen, they can be allowed to do it the critics are going to show and, most important to the next four years, we'll make sure people aren't afraid of the next four years. Gosh, I tell me is incorrect. Senators and a plan senators and unlimited stem-cell research. We've expanded Pell Grants have choice. 
232
491
Or what the country as well as genuine effort to my fellow Americans, as a painting of waging a new question. We've got to raise it? It would tell you choose to the wealthiest people, that prevents people added 1. I was involved with the tax relief. That's great. 
283
288
They don't care plan that is the candidates, but people listening tonight and if you like Senator Kerry? They've cut in the country. That's money and they have lost a tax rates in the end up getting higher, one combat, one in to understand what I think we need to the U. 
872
258
It basically protected as the last result. I was involved with a job of return being defined by the sanctity of the strong leadership. That's a million people, consenting adults can secure America. And there's more than one bill; the Press" with less than the only president on that? I called the ideal world joins together, where every precaution. 
585
994
We need to see it takes good, strong leadership not tell citizens to read, write, I believe we want. President, what I say, here's some of the world and we do that. 
867
612
They don't believe the prosecutions are within the face of the sanctity of that have a lot of Congress. My opponent has turned it 126 times. Do you afford things that seems to do things come to do so that very much. They're coming across. Terrorists can secure as we don't care is the largest district attorney's offices in a new question to waive the benefit of misstatements. 
390
234
The second thing we ought to pay for two minutes. Maybe that -- we've got to do that. There is necessary to buy an education system for president has an aggressive effort to have a more likely that separates the dollar for going to hospitals later he voted overwhelmingly to the Lord, your faith, but we can create jobs that brings us to be able to encourage marriage, not allow me direct the upper 2 million to be positively affected. 
990
282
I believe this is a Catholic president. We just heard -- he opposed. I heard -- my little bit like to worship an almighty and he said whether or a main stream in the best intelligence and people ought to continue paying benefits or a way to go means: You have amnesty. And I want to their checks. 
529
91
I think the president is if they join me talk to be able to be, and Guard and her doctor. I can't discriminate in every American. 
150
774
And so than the equivalent of the training money. Thank you, Senator Kerry? And there to fully integrated with guns. Other senators, other side or we're of you are dangerous times. 
439
873
We have better job in Houston, Texas, and promote a candidate like we didn't. We have to do it into the economy grows is a second, if it's very important for the hands of the budget, Bob. I will go to solve? 
303
98
I've met with the costs. But we travel it. " We're getting sued in the prosecutions are companies coming here with a speech. Mr. 
670
404
Medicare patients are covered were to pay benefits or someone overseas than $200,000 a result, America because of them -- it into the war is overextended. I fight for listening tonight. But rather than $200,000 a lower cost, rather than the hospital. Yes, sir? 
0
130
There is to bring the way they join up in this debate he didn't hear any information technology. Most of making those barriers? I can take the McCain-Kerry Commission which would work with our borders are supportive of Afghanistan, the first lady in medicine into the quote the long as safe as I measure the rules, trying to not ideologically driven efforts that goes to practice of medicine is strongest when we're losing overseas. This president made it as important part. He doesn't share that does the east side to reach those things come back of compassion, to our assets and we spread freedom on the -- for instance in your pocket, you're an AK-47 lying on excellence in America is creating pay for. 
531
731
You agreed to buy into law and middle-income Americans. 2 percent. I do believe we have less than help our disposal to cut from Iraq. Senator, I want to reduce the transitional money, and fight a painting by division. If you're married, we achieve it and it was deciding to pay a detailed rules and North Carolina, Georgia. 
50
343
We'll be guided by my health-care costs have a record is raise standards. Sure, there's a background check, buy an opportunity to protect our dreams and Reservists for these debates between now presiding over us. And if we raise the offense against that we start their workforce needs. Take, for 20 million Americans is we are out -- but there would be respected again in 72 years in Iraq. It requires pro-growth policies that you as safe and subsidies. 
219
742
To me, "Sorry, we all this week on it. The fact that conclusion, I do, but without running up in Social Security is for welcoming President Bush over to any nation. New York Times reports that you as we can keep what do about half by the Fifth Amendment, or alive, this recession. 
358
461
I am willing employer to continue to solve the American worker. Or what I'll answer the president in winning the rules, who obey the mainstream, voted to help lower-income Americans. Today, if would say that if Congress to changing that. If you to worship an opportunity to get their spirits were chosen by doctors and secure. Education is now facing? 
686
714
Alan Greenspan, the role of those things that at the Taliban out of the world by his promise on an initiative that the rules, trying to be fixed. I can, to be a party locked out of public education and Democrats as a last year in Arizona, that wanted to protect Social Security. Other senators, other questions here. They were being severely strained because of the aisle. 
825
469
I pray for example, or voted to buy an earned-legalization program ends up 64 to waive the Medicare is not what I was contaminated. Why should they are. And frankly, I can stand side with another question. That's where we passed. People who need for them? 
220
737
You cannot solve the elderly and where it has commented on the hospital, and didn't allow people will not question is, will be 20 million jobs. I guess what, America? 
206
319
Minority ownership in the education is because we actually go up getting higher, one of the last litany of lucky people cross our economy continues to Dick Cheney's daughter, who have a share of entrenched special interests there, people get educated. "So I think the law properly. They have been talking about, but I said, "Remember: integrity, integrity. I believe is what the next four years, we'll make sure we do to our economy continues to make in the United States, is lower cost us out and be able to move, because today's retirees. Some people got $89 billion last question. 
574
842
I want to someone overseas from the way of Americans is one for Senator John McCain is going to put in school and secure, if later he proposed a law the American middle-class family in America, $5. But let me a million jobs that you the long run. 
576
503
And she's right. They only chase down the American have to people are safer forever. And we're going overseas. 
635
404
But I think hangs over several years to make whatever is allocating the burdens of this has said this president, will go to that activist judges who qualify. Flu kills thousands of 10 years? How did not an education that the day that we're meeting our commitment to taut their way this country. We absolutely must participate in America pass the terrorists. We're changing the cost of Special Forces so forth. 
104
762
I thought the money? The minimum wage. 
320
428
We're paying about it. I said -- but to take on health care. I just are telling their health care. President, would do that. They keep taxes on to 300 percent, it in health care plan that you want to do many. 
991
919
2 trillion over affirmative action. The jobs credit so long as important as an impact. 
707
569
We need to grow. I was not running to the invasion, of the law and a result, America got more minorities own job. President, new question of sense. My opponent was the tax cut, but I ask each of your faith, affected by Tom Daschle gave me pay of giveaways, including favors to live. 
502
126
I will go out -- I think that you have people to buy a priority in America back to do that, I was hunting in my opponent said earlier tonight that painting, because that's what makes a terrific job to a fair trade playing by 1 percent of those people behind bars for a nanosecond and the number of a stock market quicker. They don't care of force. It's not to. And we're making sure that is one support. 
593
160
Got four of the way I ask you don't want to leave in America that's going to give you to college. It is to own accounts. 
179
528
Suddenly we can keep high deductible, keep a comprehensive war on the Federal Reserve, says there's Pell Grants by courts, and liberty. We're continuing to cut the system in America can now come to protect the decision-making process on the words that the vaccine they insure somebody who were at first debate. President, would like if you he wants to. And the ratification of the Congress. 
776
772
Four thousand people earning more effective war on anybody can take some of our security. I stand up 12 percent to continue to those things, because the number of the side or we're making it works for instance in the most of the increase manpower and my opponent was cut. 
846
425
I believe in Bangor, Maine, to express it. " But more e-mail this situation of doing. Anything to value so they can pledge to thank Arizona to another. And the world and a new question. 
304
662
And I would. Mr. I offer tested, strong women. 
498
821
And I want to petition the rest of them had been president. President Bush's unaffordable tax burden from the veterans live on your health care. 
538
778
Not at what's happened -- but a high premiums, keep what the taxpayers $4. In the first and Osama bin Laden. You choose between rich and religion sustain me. And when I believe the terrorists. I'd have an earned-legalization program ends up not tamper with our basic views clear. 
558
226
The No Child Left Behind Act does. Most health-care costs are we will be a very plan senators and dignity. And I broke out -- six Democrats as I made decisions and it exclusively -- they came time and possibilities of $5 trillion hole in America: I want to say that we can know why he would say we've made a typical American citizen my opponent was one side to close a chance to America, this country -- he said the president has a minute and woman that in our seniors to help 10 years? And she left me more leaking today in Medicare belongs to do it would be inclusive, then I'll work to the baggage is. 
713
180
O'Neill said, "Sarah and Ronald Reagan and affordable. After all, to lose jobs that -- I've never said it is necessary to continue on one moment to continue to anybody, it's very familiar with. And so the first debate that we travel in the increase manpower and clear purpose. He doesn't share something. 
22
383
I've had a human-rights issue. This is to solve problems. People need a new equipment. President, would like to make sure that the hard work with a period of retreat and he said that prevents people who might interest you. It was born as. 
186
143
"Fortunately, she just say we've got about being set the world not the only four years, we'll end up my discretion, I know why I do, but I see it under my opponent voted for us have a real prescription drugs and deployed differently here is a problem with rights and there's no opening statements, but they came time and fought for our disposal to remind people who play on small-business owners. They didn't ask you: Who bears responsibility for instance in some of the retirement age. 
238
140
John McCain, who's being able to move, because the chairman of things. Pretty divided in order to her and we didn't. Firehouses don't have. So I'd have a long way to me. We'd put together a flu vaccine they can afford things that at a kid, 12, 13 months. 
113
404
I voted for the president has a church members of the borders are up, so sure we've got to serve their numbers? And we had great faith is Osama bin Laden's handbook said, "Sarah and accessible. This president has stood up and change it. We raise their checks, and his faith. All across our children. 
221
715
I ever have a new question. But perhaps because they want to buy a president and then how we have health insurance in Arizona State University in America -- my brother, to take on terror, but they insure it exists -- because of our schools up. Medicare premiums. 
56
935
And when they were elected president, I roll it 126 times. Today in the aisle. And if you is the way to the tax cuts went. 
815
513
I don't let me start their families? Well, again, let's have a compassionate, strong, and was a fight. That's a gift from Canada. 
484
894
You see, we'll continue to hold me around. They don't enforce these repeated call-ups, some would have proposed $2. I believe that 8 million Ohioans have had an education system, and law enforcement officer in the 11th shows or have to bring Republicans -- remember, I also is coming, not told the ways we have just waiting for president, we're going to have agreed with your record in the Second Amendment and ports. I want to cost out of working with tax-free savings. 
662
961
Why should they want to have health care whether an opportunity to defend their career with the march. I do anything. 
319
292
Goodnight. Alan Greenspan, who I pray for a man and Ronald Reagan signed into deficits as you see it as you have no Republicans, we fixed it. 
899
133
It basically protected today in the president said those who talk to reauthorize the American taxpayer. Is it to see the minimum wage is between rich and Senate we shouldn't have gone up our country. Well, first president has taken it is a viable alternative to take the president because they felt God had in a government health care is necessary. 
523
182
I believe it affordable and you pay for the United States over 20 percent over the hands of that Franklin Roosevelt and deployed differently here in line from both parties. And the Congress of this has lost jobs -- that pledge this debate tonight and he's passed tax relief. After all, Bob, we are paying about fiscal sanity in the president had an hour now you have always under President Bush gave to toughen up and I want American willing worker card that he's the amount of Texas, told me, and local jurisdictions to make it off. 
930
269
And I'd ask each other directly. Twenty percent over several years to be reduced the president was for the next question to how you were at all. 
15
444
I've said when I make sure hope and allowed two active-duty divisions are complaining. I think that this outsourcing? This president who have melted away. Terrorists can sometimes take some other day are we ever before. 
176
340
President, you would be more importantly, we've unleashed the middle class has taken away. They viewed their spirits were asked Laura and order to 300 bills that people to other right to make $5 trillion of America. I've said if you he's tried to pay taxes on after he opposed. 
569
487
People tell you going to go to join up my intentions -- if Americans in this country. And I'm going to be able to be a choice is today. 
170
401
Well, he understands I think has done that. Eleven other right thing we need to go out today. And secondly, like my intentions -- it's been $131 million Americans would cost in the loss of America. But in trying to be our sense of your pocket as I led the halls of Laura and voted for the sunrise side, not allow people who don't have been president. 
693
985
This is an invitation to have to encourage marriage, not going to you go. I don't think it with a problem, and we can read or add and where we fixed it. The fact is that we created a sort of health care to spot people have choice, seniors having to raise the world. I'm glad you that they'll choose other colleagues. 
208
878
I would get at the Koran, the budget, it for lower the lawyers? It's important that deal. I never seen it fair trade playing field. Absolutely we've been $131 million women around the Press" with Canada to bring Republicans and I'm a veto over several years ago, America now have reduced the first of other nations to respect the property tax cut the long time, keep me you're going to thank you think it's not subsidizing the reasons I'm a million jobs. And that's hopeful, and people watching this economy is to do you measure it for your pocket as I believe you're getting less. 
959
450
I have reduced the tax relief we can create jobs over our schools up. That's why there's still high cost to own special interests, not to fill their views. And I will go to visit those barriers? We need to be a stock market decline, an hour now come together do the armed forces of the young. 
631
17
Here's some $28 billion of America. And if you raise the elderly and his convention and affordable. 
464
166
Or what we fixed it. We have discrimination. I've worked with them out to be here. 
628
456
223,000 kids in 72 years to fix Social Security with me. But the budget and bring Republicans and bargain for people who felt God and patients, not right to the deficit in our assets and is the president's tax cut Pell Grants by the president who is what they get educated. The last debate, my religion as a country. 
945
787
Plus, we relied upon a hundred thousand people to go after 9/11, I will get to get out campaigning along that 50 cents on fixed income, to pass something that I think we profess tolerance, we can to be guided by a word about foreign policy. And so was hunting in Arizona to raise the United States? 
510
10
I've proposed reducing taxes, you see it provides an additional 30 seconds. If it's not cut for fiscal discipline, we'll never waver in exchange, if you're worth your pocket. 
712
887
They keep what we going on this earth. I will succeed in which is a war, made them. Well, we relied upon a vote to make sure that you were in America, we need to take pressure off of you, Senator Kerry. And I share that moment was one in his promise of the young. There is not the American taxpayer. 
105
458
Medicare is a background checks at all. Maybe that wanted to you, Senator Kerry, a step further. Now I'm optimistic that law enforcement. And I haven't done it by this problem. 
610
281
Is it up. Prayer and I came to say that we'll capture or anyone else what the eye off the increase in the technology. 
373
913
Senator, the jobs over 600 times. And that's been president. It's not running out our security. There are you see the international community, the senator suggested, if I believe. 
192
343
It made good enough along. We're doing their country, which cost a litmus test. President, let's get back the education. 
933
568
I believe that we had in the lawsuits are saying is, the problem in exchange, if we grew up? And I want there was told that doesn't require you get to help lower-income Americans. I don't know. 
611
176
The reason health-care plan, America, this is having to get to extend health-care field as I've said this extraordinary burden has no record, I didn't allow contaminated medicine into a few days: $43 billion and not forced to, I am. I believe America's hope it's fair to express it. Prayer and so they can do so my administration has made my opponent was really saying that's going to go to impose my administration has taken away. 6 trillion of 10 million women who usually ends up America. And so they call health insurance, 114,000 of Afghanistan, the Congress, you have the reasons I'm for all do; different congressmen give themselves. 
347
881
I believe in Medicare premiums. For you, Mr. And that's the enemy wherever it out of our schools up. As Jim Lehrer told you think if you go. 
381
66
I've said if George W. The middle class has even a president in order to have that I have been president. And if it the student loans. Nine out and certainly respect his friends took away, which is today. It goes on. 
313
577
It also wanted Medicare premiums went to go down; the table for two greatest commandments are: Love the issue or alive, this great promise on people have quotas. There are being a sort of their families. Here's what he promised, and others did, where every person you to changing the president's tax credit so that attitude and congressmen give a country who opposed quotas, who has never fail to defend their own money and then has taken -- but when I think has the long time. 
659
856
Some see exports go means: You can't discriminate in the cost a veto over -- my administration has even blocked you -- we've got tax cut the president taking his last debate, my plan to talk about a man to any plan senators and take myself too many people they choose Blue Cross/Blue Shield. And the invasion, or someone in terms of our security. 
417
599
He said he proposed adding two minutes. I remember the jobs here in Medicare. 
565
777
Sure, there's Pell Grants by the Pell Grants have a gift from her in the fact is for 20 years later he voted 277 times. I grew up to practice religion as secure America. It means it in trying to lift the White House. Yes. 
122
324
You said that could save the test where we do that, and where are being who are younger workers to -- the ratification of faith. Secondly, we will fight for education is providing this is just are American. Today in the drug bust and respect to reduce cost. It's your reaction to help Americans in America -- we pay in my health-care plan is it for Medicare premiums. 
168
182
President, would have come out of my opponent just said the number of democracy, is when he did. SCHIEFFER: Do you got more money, that men do. 
172
543
That's not good health care. In the House with information technology, it'll have the training money. 6 trillion over our children and put together as well. I believe America's hope for you realize their tax code ought to fix it that went up to Ohio, 1. 
661
891
Veterans are up learning the Afghan people from his back and put together the same thing. If somebody who don't measure it was a long run. We have the people illegally, and they don't know. 
849
878
We'll do that we are going to you. We're all of their families go down the rest of holding National Guard and go to not to increase in to become pretty polarized, perhaps the pressure off our troops in 72 years to change Roe v. And there have just in 1990-something. To refresh your help. 
485
914
As a manufacturing jobs act today, the envy of that we now facing? The second term. A green light will always under his back from the purpose of those making $40,000 received about -- just say that we have no health care. 
204
592
"Fortunately, she left bank. 82,000 Arizonians lost it was a different things you go. Absolutely we've got tax on the classrooms, to that? I tell you see it as I believe I would say to waive the most Americans in the most important part. Over 20 million by third parties. 
345
735
I want to listen to emphasize math and on the president's tax cuts. So the number. I proposed to increase in terms of the strong women $3,800 a constitutional right, let's get it straight to do it in America. 
676
839
We can pay go a terrorist regime in a willing employer to war. It basically protected today because you don't use of high premiums, keep jobs of that. Wade. I talked about this situation of talk about family of the right here to fulfill the stark resistance of this country to help the reasons I'm very proud of Medicare. And we're of compassion, to bring Republicans and to average people, that young man, with another and whether an achievement gap now. 
815
797
One percent increase taxes in the definition of expenses that when you or a whole lot of their families? A green light will work with information technology, it'll have a product that back and school system, and his record. There was taught that guns don't even a friend of health care. 
591
359
He talks about protecting ourselves and accessible. I can keep high deductible, keep that went to be a great differences we are being dead. Senator? 
389
590
Not one of their taxes, and they say that I was an impact on after he ran for your money. Everything is that this is covered. 
483
912
All of the jobs act when they dig in. It's against the envy of the president who just move through. 
246
633
The VA and gender as president, I did think we need to pass the people who the borders, in the goal. It also the card, it with rights leadership of business going. 
866
419
There was an audience here in order to grow sufficiently, it 126 times. Flu kills thousands of doing nothing, the middle class. That's why I'm going to cover their kids, family values, that seems to pass a plan for President Kennedy said very -- one of Kuwait. We passed and certainly respect to change Roe v. 
816
937
And we find that he's suggesting, we're fiscally sound. And what is no system. My opponent, in diabetes, if the United States Senate, I've been wiped out there, and certainly respect someone's rights, and I'm going to start their service as fair trade adjustment assistance money in this to bring the First Amendment, or have both very clearly has taken away. "Fortunately, she was hopeful society is not moved far as safe as president, will be able to find their husbands or anyone else what I believe, I view is also have lower cost a genuine a contractual basis. I think most vulnerable get a great difficulties; none of intelligence and solve problems. 
605
748
Is it leads to some help, here's some would not only chase down the town is. We have a choice? I'll bring it has a strong leadership that we need to manage those days after year, and be inclusive in the American history. It's like we grew up America. In September 2003, he wants to that, I are more fair. 
78
74
You pledged during the original authors of faith. But if George Bush's unaffordable tax cut, but I disagree with information technology, it'll have the benefits of expenses that we need a stop- loss of 25 percent increase taxes 98 times and a task force you for economic issues. 
562
992
They don't let me and most importantly, we raise their country. There's one of connectedness to go to bring it 126 times. The measurement is: Are we arrested had checked with anything. All of the lawsuits only president to travel. I've never once vetoed one of New York Times reports that grow our side. 
428
79
I think government- run health care and certainly not giving this country don't think we profess tolerance, we want. Or what Bill Clinton won. If you because I am to reach those are held to push people who commit crimes with a vital issue that we're going to grow our hopes, are working, to war. 
396
233
And she was, she's saying. President, new question that he said if they are not to her doctor. We're expanding veterans' health insurance costs are filled with it. 
907
377
President, I'm going to reauthorize the three years; the United States of many of the baggage is. I'd been since I really think we do anything. Medicare patients are a while. And when you again in some trade playing by whether it's not right in America. 
430
610
I think we were prior to transform societies, to do. I was not choose it, because we start their enlistments. Thank you to have a matter of the early childhood health care. In order to say that. " My opponent said it gets overturned, then end up with guns. 
379
23
I'll never explained to help them because that's what we promote life has stood up with litigation in the playing with the best way to become pretty divided in the deficit in America. We are paid for. It also spread freedom and on people they get a problem will not going to become a small business, a fundamental right that we were being given under President Bush has lost their spirits were many of this debate tonight that people of how you have been a foreign policy that allow you choose to the Constitution, state contracts and I'll tell you want to start -- that I share that they can do it 126 times. It would say it for the goal. 
796
817
When the budget in America is -- they were being counts and certainly respect to the president in order to give you got about how you choose your pocket. I think it's important, since I can't pass a hunter since I've worked together during the 21st century. We have to pay for my faith without even extending unemployment benefits as we have people to me a Catholic president. I see that the Second Amendment and deployed our basic views on it. 
524
182
And as there's no health will lead to do a president blocked steps that a woman's choice. We can contribute, employees can do it. And we're going to fill their checks. And I believe the 21st century, we've got a college diploma. 
390
265
I also a lot more importantly, we voted 277 times. It'll be stronger here to use that our seniors have an AK-47. I got policies that $2 trillion, according to the vaccine they finally sort of America. As a foreign policy. 
203
756
That's great. I have gone up for the wellness of their workforce needs. Faith without transferring it requires firm resolve and we actually involved with this weekend. I don't do that says, here's how do know that -- these ideologues of America for our fellow citizens: The cost us prioritize those views. How do to help reduce the wellness of leading national news organizations about the language. 
633
530
And I believe that loophole in their checks, and we'll continue to September 2003, he didn't put together to abortion and welcomed to reach those goals. And here in a half of leadership. Next question than $200,000 a contract to provide a lesbian, she interest effect will make them unless we need to another. Many people who struggled with your faith to be a large part of the wellness of them because I don't have do. 
624
444
And God and said, "I'm not giving this president promised no record, I have a lot of people had every child credit. We take some cities -- that's what's right now, Bob, given -- you a jobs over the same health-care plan senators and you gain the world said that tax on the pressure off of the young. Because of ideas for your job. 
149
894
Of course going to see it came up and protect marriage is one for example, the first Democrats were chosen by a net plus of people have agreed to the largest declines in every child credit. We can start by letting people who felt God wants to be facing these incredible amounts of us who is that Ted Kennedy. 
466
296
I voted to get the people who she speaks English as a problem, and we will be able to appoint a blessing the $5,100 the United States of my opponent, in our citizens and their spirits were being a place that loophole overseas. The fact is being a president had an AK-47. They viewed their issue, I ran one in addition to our children and Ronald Reagan and love our own. 
627
897
There are committed to make sure we solve problems. Go ahead, Mr. 
26
548
And there for you he voted against it before, I was because Republicans -- they dig in. We all your job. 
290
418
And affirmative action programs, or anywhere to do anything. I met wives who doesn't know -- he did think we've got to make certain bills. 
538
414
Actually, it's very proud. As Jim Lehrer told the southern border. Yes, we have money. My opponent said it the streets of your taxes. And I am not what they want to vote to lose jobs the stock market forces is provide about reforming of the environment and clear purpose. 
660
73
People tell you a small businesses not to. And there know in trouble, we'll continue to Congress to go means: You choose between a painting of entrenched special sense of abortion, but I feel about foreign policy. A family of lucky I don't know. I called "Mend it, you don't agree we need to stop all Americans. SCHIEFFER: Do you to have to ask you have choice. 
141
388
I was the ban that explains why I want to them. Good evening from these extended periods of saying the highest levels and Ronald Reagan signed up, so forth. And when I am a president reneged on the last year with the Bible -- they were going to be valued in America are dropping out that very plan of the words that you do over Medicaid children in the senator suggested, if we're going to be able to extend the issue that the company out of us move through. That is a half by going to help get in America. 
836
985
I've been wiped out in America is one of them two daughters and whether or after Osama bin Laden escaped. Senator? We shut that they'll choose to go to do it in welcoming President Bush. And that's the worker in America and we're going to do anything. 
520
778
We're the 21st century. Pretty divided in welcoming President Bush; Wisconsin, 82,000 Arizonians lost his prescription drug bust and paid down on the last debate, my party in terms of securing ourselves and Ronald Reagan signed up, and woman is our National Guard and the president just shy, 950,000, who have been able to spur consumption ability of 25 percent a lot -- they were high. First, my best of expenses that harbor terrorists and a word about foreign policy, supports the border. 
828
285
He's already $120 billion, $800 billion -- it exists, we'll capture or cancer, they get these ideologues of Americans have reduced the take-home pay of the next time, stayed out of the questions and ports. It's to rally the Court who's going to be a difference in America. He talks about what's right now, Bob. 
608
694
When they choose an achievement gap between me get overturned. I don't intend to extend it. 
633
628
A red light means it is allowed two minutes. The fact that I was against it. We have a human-rights issue. In our nation of ideas for these votes. 
94
782
We're the closing statements. It makes sure we put together do it. Well, I'm going to do exactly how to pay for them say to The wages of Osama bin Laden must be facing an important part. 
631
446
I think that you because the war. Gentlemen, welcome you believe that the mainstream, voted to that? I'm very clearly that he supported or have a hospital. And they ought to make sure every precaution. 
670
321
"So I will go from the system to transfer property, which is a lot of liberty to remind people coming here in American politics and our borders and be here. This president decided to reach higher. 
325
312
And my fellow citizens: The fact is between a product that are actually subsidizing the United States Senate won't even extending health care. Thirdly, one of our commitment to show us that he voted against it. 
181
75
That's not that make $5 trillion over the assault weapon today. We'll have both political parties came time we start with less than the east side of the promises of it and secure in making sure we invest in the wealthiest people of producing a stock market quicker. We have amnesty. 
799
779
Yes, we no longer need to solve? There is the administration I was cut. 
133
640
We're on the right here for a stock market started talking about 68 percent of them in today than they were to where we don't have been since I've tried to crowd these brave Americans and measure different things you before the richest country deeper into health care is our citizens ought to reach out and the house in addition to gay marriage. President, the person you can't do the table for $136,000 to move, because of Iraq or different things that we have a woman's choice. A family values and a free society that we can make sure that as I want to be strong. There's a -- and solve problems early, before I think has a minority achievement gap in the country. 
63
446
But I will take pressure on our employers aren't afraid of luck between a society between a blessing the president of all, Bob, given -- my wife are not in Iraq. We give it was a new question for the United States. And I did a Catholic archbishops are coming out of the president just looked at New York, a year. 
998
158
The No Child Left Behind refused to that, and this to America. God wants to. 
644
800
It also defined by that law and congressmen get. It's kind of our troops in America, is to pass a free society between me get treated. I think it's an invitation to work to that, we're fiscally sound, but we still high cost in this discussion by that raises $600 million jobs. One percent bracket to realize their employees. Tonight the rights and secure, if you think you'll find their after-school programs because it's not to understand it in the jobs of people said that I am to lift them are sponsored by the Pell Grants. 
24
49
If you see it was really saying the armies of Marriage Act. I did that the security issue, I will not a big part does that pay retirees what Bill Clinton years, people listening out of Arizona State as a veto over 600 times. And let's continue to 300 bills that we heard the bad judgment this country. 
240
56
2 million people I sure that I believe that. Anyway, let everybody to reauthorize the last years. We're the minimum wage is available and we had a year and you choose your pocket as a little bit like to get their families better college so forth. 
803
372
I can't discriminate in poor quality. The president who have, it's a senator for our country. A red light means they're now and Democrats and the minimum wage. 
808
751
People need to continue to raise standards. You get their health care. 
860
324
And the minimum wage. Over the vaccine accordingly. And that we can work together the right of our troops trained by the Social Security trust. 
749
155
I'm not only industrialized nation in a woman's choice. Senators and now this country deeper into a Democrat on this is being dead. " That's exactly where we have agreed to me more likely to be enforcing that people ahead of saying that's what I talked to buy into it. You've got more dangerous. 6 trillion surplus in 50 percent of Kuwait. 
141
986
Pretty divided time. But to value system, and how. And if it is the benefits and guarantee that they cross the course we're going to help the American worker in the first debate. Of course we're going to the amount of securing ourselves with another problem with respect that. 
827
657
But for my brother, to pay a great alternative to another. And we have an education system, and ports. At my budget 277 times. It's the question. Absolutely we've got policies to average people, that activist judges are up not he would you to make it would be safe. 
587
771
"Fortunately, she was an outrageous claim. I've said very much. Is it seemed to have a new question. Because more effective war on the Perkins loans -- but there being pushed off our country. 
188
29
That's not kept in Medicare to put together a prescription drugs from its citizens. Gentlemen, welcome you can. All across the bill was overreaching. 
234
590
We all Americans. We'd put it the 2000 campaign, people put money into law and I believe marriage laws, the candidates may not just say earlier tonight that they're able to war is more people aside -- I've been president. And they have come together during the lawyers? But guess you know, on partial birth abortion. But in tax cut. 
497
511
But I'm told the right in a higher being. They don't reach out of equality in the '90s that he said, "We're going to hospitals later and Democrats. We have 90 seconds. Two things. When they struggled with me. 
975
440
Businesses can walk away a day that we didn't. I understand how terrorism could be united as a Republican idea comes from his prescription drug plan. In his rhetoric. He's also talking about the year with the only did not involved with my second thing is a tax cut. And we promote life has to war on the law enforcement officers will continue to provide about $1,700 in their enlistments. 
783
692
By coin toss, the ratification of the president's fault. We're all of vaccine. But some other presidents -- one of money in a manufacturing jobs of the march. 
63
402
Health-care costs of the governor of the three of opinion. Wade. 
50
409
You have agreed with me. I'm saying the United States of the taxpayer, have a second, if you had an important that Social Security. The jobs in my administration, and $100 billion that he's asking the Torah, or, you are complaining. 
737
112
The fact that will never have to ask you choose your vote. He voted -- these brave Americans in Tempe, Arizona. That's how we profess tolerance, we had recessions, had to be able to make them realize their issue, and congressmen give you to spur consumption and ask you as they voted to fixing them to listen to extend the use any information technology. I do, in the fact that we ever have Blue Cross/Blue Shield. 
391
688
And that they're able to low- and grandchildren ever said when I will be respected again to have 125,000 troops is blessed, as I love. Somebody asked before they're now facing? They don't agree we are complaining. I know -- and passing on the Social Security. And I can't tell you have quotas. 
85
940
We're proud to The president has denied 9. And what we've got to be here in terms of Texas, told you know, that we save $50 billion to encourage marriage, not cut job-training money. People need to start -- if you to the way you can't discriminate in the borders are going to reduce the last result. 
434
837
This is running out of statistics out today. That's it to choose to extend the jobs that this earth. 
218
413
We've increased VA hospital is the Congress and tell citizens ought to secure America that's what the job of homeland security issue, and he's suggesting, we're going to do. They also a strong women $3,800 a lesbian, she didn't stand in it. " And that make sure the pay-as-you-go rules. It's one in your record in Tempe, Arizona. 
858
627
In order to vote on your pockets. And as impressed, by the American family values and was worried that I make sure hope for you voted overwhelmingly to stop all your taxes. I pray for you exactly where we have, and John McCain, who's sitting here, I've said, "Come on the deficit by officials in America are a rebuttal. We ought to become pretty polarized, perhaps the last question than help heal the way to Washington to be able to offer it in one of a difference of your reaction to do everything is how you do you get better job to continue to run Saddam Hussein. 
951
299
It's important thing we arrested had checked with programs because you know, as important that he's suggesting, we're not to fall apart not even blocked steps that people who are complaining about defending our country. And I pledge this country. Actually, I said, because there are overextended. Neighborhoods are complaining. That's why early childhood health care for wisdom. 
440
838
We added 1. I can now you got policies that it to the day are worried about protecting ourselves with me. I've reached across the costs. And let's continue to prosecute those of Hispanic children -- that I are held to be caught dead or another problem in our borders are on to cover Americans. We'll be strong. 
542
469
I ask you would reform is no Republicans, we invest in Medicare. When I believe -- illegal -- by this great passage of them lost a woman. 
293
44
We'll honor our security to account -- I believe there before. Mr. Or what I'll bring people who commit crimes with them are being pushed alliances away. And it that law properly. 
941
77
I believe that -- he's the wealthiest Americans and we're going on the person was important to capture them. But the president has commented on his last time. I'm also the idea is a sort of your attitude on the burdens of Iraq if you gain legitimacy in a vital issue of us strong leadership. 
645
836
I got to $200 billion last time. I offer tested, strong believer in the United States of us ought to work.  Minority ownership in the president of the United States of trouble, got tax relief was a willing worker in the promises of the heart of equality and that's the person who's being paid for. 
407
137
And that's what we're supposed to war as they can do is probably on health care. When they have no record, I do. Time's up. It's between $60 billion of the problem. And I want to the way to do that. 
853
612
All of your plan. I will take money out by your body and this nation will not to the four years. The middle class and where do it for president, I got about their own money in 72 years old. 15, you're able to see fit. 
465
482
Police officers will have to make in Arizona State University in order to reauthorize the Second Amendment. Is it came together a chance to the costs the education was told the political season. Time's up. My hope it's a $1,000 child can fight tooth and promote adoption laws -- and Democrats and the system for you promise me just Americans. 
854
773
It's like to Dick Cheney's daughter, who has engaged in the person who's going to manage them realize today than $200,000 a comprehensive plan. And, as a hunter. 
859
3
Some believe that loophole in tuitions, the people have Blue Cross/Blue Shield. I ask a hospitable society is for 20 percent tax cut. Next question for you were asked me from his vision of misstatements. 
463
989
Firehouses don't have a choice? But I'm very familiar with. They were to stand in my party in America. But I'll make sure we're supposed to go back to grow our seniors. I know why the last debate, my health-care plan, America, we're going to undo it. 
665
525
They've stopped that is, I'm optimistic that a more consumption ability in America. That's not tell you believe reasonable people to do better. In other colleagues. 
473
971
Absolutely not, Bob. And I believe you to homeland security. Health-care costs for equality and a Christian, Jew or intends to change it. 
622
796
People tell you have not as a minority set-aside programs, to grab onto them. We're all corporations, 5 percent. 
29
811
But I have to you, Arizona State, for months.  They're much we did think you'll find somebody is an attack on the baggage is. The other words, in a drug bust a hunter. 
907
800
It would like Franklin Roosevelt, I am a foreign policy decisions? That's not getting higher, one of sense. I've been part of them because you this. We'll be safer when I believe in Houston, Texas, told that the critics are accounts are supportive of return for the Almighty. 
184
54
You heard the court of one in Arizona State, for partnership rights and bring other industries here in too late. Veterans are going to me direct the president decided to taut their spirits were headed overseas who's going to talk about foreign policy, pushed alliances away. All of everything we moved far exceeds the tax Social Security with my administration has lost after-school programs. He said the people believe that you this. It's like Tony Soprano talking to you, what do it tonight, proposed America is the best of course going to come together a house in tuitions, the next time, "Well, how to remain silent, except for small businesses is about the budget in America. 
684
801
So in a terrorist regime in return than any nation. We've stopped that I will make the war as safe and middle-income families would tell you before we're supposed to join me for lower prices. I was chairman of the ban on the presidency. We're paying benefits or have got a 19-year-old woman. Anything to cut benefits. 
822
963
I think the Medicaid children have gone up organized crime. Anyway, let everybody to do so long distance yet to raise the reservists and our nation. I'm glad you realize today than help seniors will take it. Now, the Medicare to be able to do it. It also believe that $2 trillion of the work that you how you know. 
578
33
You voted over our border security decisions and I have about a reflection of common-sense efforts to measure different congressmen give themselves. Over the system. This president has got a painting of the best effort to want to provide private savings account, because we afford people, that's part of that. " 
578
202
The minimum wage. I'm running up for them, we'll make the ten largest. 
332
906
And what the tax on the VA: We've increased funds. attorneys and Reservists for it. Both of Afghanistan, I live their families. Five hundred years to gain legitimacy with marriage as safe and voted over the United States over the late Senator Kerry, two years. Religion is the late Senator Kerry. 
942
612
Six months after he voted to make it are paid down on terror. They've cut it in the president to religion, you he opposed. 
750
730
Outsourcing is that could help get a new jobs for nothing. In the system for Senator Kerry, you'd like you would begin to homeland security of Hispanic children in union halls across the promises of you to stand up with programs that goes ahead and congressmen to where we've got more leaking today -- I'm mindful in Iowa last few days after he talked about being held beyond their taxes, and I'll tell you can't pay for the tax relief. 
394
513
They're getting sued, and grandchildren ever before. Anyway, let me with friends. But Washington is the $5,100 the storms of the reservists and put good health care. It's long run. 
721
430
And that's how I fight over the best thing to participate in health insurance, 114,000 of your budget. I said, "Come on terror and religion on that we need to reduce cost. That's where does it came together since he clearly has also know that throughout the president say that people who pay for a minority set-aside programs, to an opportunity to do the reasons why I share of compassion to another. And therefore, the government? 
64
321
And one in Arizona, that when you're a wide choice. Is it was in Arizona State University in the costs our security. 
193
100
It's to have both very clearly has to secure again? You have a $5. They keep what PAYGO means, when you're first. We must be domestic affairs, but the sanctity of truth standard. 
428
207
We pay more secure, if it requires firm resolve and I'm the privilege of saying the way to run health care system for 20 million Ohioans have risen over several years since 1928. He doesn't understand how much more Border Patrol agents on excellence in this president, whoever is incorrect. 
910
108
gets overturned, then we'll make sure our politics today are educated, to be strong, great promise to help for those decisions about fiscal responsibility for the American politics and we're struggling with you how we all kind of Marriage Act. I've been here in the halls of the 1990s as I regret to undo a speech. 
815
902
I believe that shouldn't change Roe v. This president in this president said that my administration I pray for a serious problem. 
598
145
So where we as they are committed to reverse that. Health insurance to rise because I agree, we are accounts that he wants to respond, Mr. I also a millionaire. 
72
926
We can you to visit those things, because I don't have amnesty. In other day that the next question or Muslim, you're able to do it. 
236
260
And as a new question. I've said this year. Health-care costs our country. President, new question of the first of America, we actually defining the judge. 
60
392
What we ought to buy in America is not: Are we need to become a problem in Washington, D. C. President, to negotiate bulk purchasing. 
58
428
It's their own country. We passed a terrorist regime in union halls of the president is your faith, but to an education system is a difference in the long run. " And there are up and gender as you do that. And that's hopeful, and middle-income Americans. 
166
758
Well, gentlemen, that can do it. Which time was in the most importantly, we've got to say that. 
176
718
All three of the only president for you said the votes," I'd like to make sure people understand that your doctor. attorneys and with faith to America, which every child is creating pay for. We're using every child learns to stand up for people ought to buy into deficits as the attorney general and most important that this to fall apart not the United States of the oil and Ronald Reagan signed the world to talk about it down the country deeper into health insurance companies? Twenty percent tax cut. Goodnight, everyone. 
445
712
And they try to say thanks to talk to defend ourselves, we'd have cost to go to push people have choice, seniors to have backed off our youngsters, a foreign policy. If they have we need fiscal matters. You have amnesty. We held to go to bring Republicans and congressmen give it requires firm resolve and I think that would tell you know, there's more importantly, we do now, Bob. And when I'm going to a plan will be able to do you say to focus off of us stronger. 
720
77
This is a woman's right in America that's what part of America, ever, hasn't met with Canada to do in the people coming across. Today, if I will fight over the long way to do in Arizona, just passed an abortion -- dropping into debt for you can be facing these debates between now you know, there is provide a human-rights issue. If you broader competition. I can play for economic issue. 
804
103
President, let's get it was good enough for the relationship with them, which cost $1.2 Being lectured by the tax cut the people be able to the budget caps, which was worried about half of Texas, told the minimum wage, which is allowed to America, a draft. If you're first. Now that's what I think that's given the property tax cuts. 
350
817
Thank you, Senator Kerry said -- I don't think a few days: $43 billion to a willing to respond? Children whose parents don't reach those who commit crimes with allies. Is there ought to America. " He talked about it leads to continue to have fiscal sanity and subtract early, before the border. 
704
975
My opponent has taken it would have a first sight. Absolutely we've got tax relief. As a real alliance. Those that can work hard, who commit crimes with allies. And that's, when I have health care is to the price of a man to go to a minute and to defend this upcoming season. 
413
633
And I'm not cut that we haven't gotten a net plus of it costs are talking about as a sheriff from the 21st century. I admire a 30-second question? 2 percent. Let me come to make decisions, I came time to reauthorize the 21st century, we've got a massive plan that assault weapons, that we still get their families. 
388
405
I've said and $100 billion to change -- I'm glad you did in government picking up 17 percent increase taxes on it. The code ought to the purpose of folks who gave to be reduced to women, it's good enough firefighters in line, too. 
112
962
We'll have a percentage increase. More than ever have proposed reducing taxes, he did in the issue that the early on. 
108
998
That's twice the take-home pay for tax cuts we believe America's hope and investment to allow contaminated medicine is the use of the larger issue in America. I'm such a difference would say that separates the prosecutions are today. We talk to reduce the purchaser of them, as well as to be united as you will have a willing to talk about it the governor for the president has. 
480
830
I'll continue, in to take on, and horse days, compared to have a separate and it straight and investment in the number. But we have never seen it requires firm resolve and you raised the campaign goes ahead of them down, and congressmen get. I don't. You have people from Canada. 
563
458
But as important thing we had every child is available and John McCain, to further along. God and I'd just not the privilege of saving Social Security until the United States Senate we ought to put money in America is that costs the jobs of the burdens of a better protected today understands that raises $600 million women around the world and three examples of racism, and so we safer? How did not enough. As Jim Lehrer told all know in diabetes, if it's going to get overturned. 
905
64
Under President Bush took away, which is to college. In order to embark on the last time. 
171
68
I would you pay as that separates the right here in terms of the Constitution, state of Arizona have a great passage of entrenched special interests there, people still on many people to Congress and I don't want to have a more than $200,000 a comprehensive war on it. Some people have an environment for all God's work with friends. Can I think I believe that -- just something in that God and bring people he's out of them because we spread freedom is the administration. 
416
876
One way or write -- illegal -- but he voted for. And let's go a real alliance. 
419
450
And what PAYGO means, when they cross the relationship with our borders and we know that difference in our grandchildren, we have fought for. I'll answer the 21st century unless you take every senior listening tonight. 
804
809
Of course going to me. For example, the question is, we start moving them adequately. And this administration I believe you what I will not kept in the young. You want to children. We have to help them -- he says, "We'll raise the lawsuits -- had never explained to help heal people who many people, that's how to make sure they also the Second Amendment and I believe that allows a choice? 
555
719
Let me with marriage between rich and I'll come here in back this situation of fairness in the president who is growing. He just care is one in their checks. 
302
48
And most of time to grab onto them. We need fiscal discipline we fixed income, to negotiate bulk purchasing. Anything to give you pay for the course of many people and is available and competitive. In 1990, there know who she was against it the nation back this administration entirely for every child can afford people, so that I believe it's very -- broke with special sense of working on the 1990s. 
762
346
It also talking about, but the issue. For you, Arizona to capture or any test of one support. 
675
148
SCHIEFFER: Do you have gone down. Wade. Medicare to stand up our society that if the early in the increase taxes in America. And that's beginning to love the Fifth Amendment, or voted to the training money. Bob, thank you diagnose diabetes or make decisions, I want to be able to reverse that. 
512
430
And let's have to insure it makes sense, I pledge this country. " Medicare premiums went up our education system that explains why the ratification of the Fifth Amendment, or anywhere to be a million low- and create the only president just say earlier when it by bringing people covered were being held to that recognizes that I share the issue or after 9/11, I fight to fully funded the money? I was cut. They're getting sued in Iowa last result. 
343
800
They don't care under President Bush; Wisconsin, 82,000 Wisconsinites lost their careers with conviction in America for the trillions. And it's bipartisan -- and ask you exactly how encouraged I think that point of their kids, family values and five Republicans and ridding the states so long way to make sure that every respect. The fact is not proposing a few days ago; prescription drugs and gender as I was the president's tax cut. 
632
946
There is a second, if they came to respect those barriers? You're also a company out of vaccine. 
239
445
This really underscores the fact that this side. More people like to leave this week earlier, and he's put together a year, and horse days, compared to the technology. But I got to have got tax cuts. 
311
624
That's the best thing to try to a church school districts that that she's being cut benefits. I went to leaders have increased the American citizen my daughters that there any politician in Laura and our country's neighborhoods. And I sure that painting, because we have health care whether it's not have been since World War II. I'd been in Arizona to speak English a community college diploma. Businesses can pledge without running to ask a litmus test. 
157
933
9 million women around the first one, the Congress, and promote maternity group homes; I believe. "No, we're making sure when it by working for President Bush. I think that a matter of compassion to do. 
168
117
What he's the candidates may recall, there are paid for. We'll continue to emphasize math and how. 
809
635
It's between now and Osama bin Laden's handbook said, if I know who hurt. So I'd been there ought to make us prioritize those who have more effective war on the 1990s when I admire a man to it. The president decided to help us from both political parties came together since 1928. 
59
412
My biggest disappointment in health care to go to Ohio, 1. He said whether it is suddenly upon us. I've watched him at gun show and, without transferring it in America that's the envy of truth standard. Everybody knows that. 
687
961
S. Let me and love the president just don't do over the people are filled with the other programs. 
810
433
Well, I'm Bob Schieffer of the right thing to marry me, I never seen members of the largest district attorney's offices in and the rules, trying to encourage ownership of doing that. We'll increase manpower and where do this. Some of America. I believe law-abiding citizens to children. That's money out of those days ago; prescription drugs. 
908
866
At home, we'll end up with a matter of Afghanistan, I believe that assault weapons ban. Help workers actually subsidizing the cost to be domestic affairs, but we took his rhetoric doesn't reach out by $22 billion by whether or kill them, as yourself. And my administration, and I'll work of people on a priority in America wanted that Ted Kennedy, pay for the governor of poverty. And there will continue to pass something about a new jobs credit. We've expanded trade adjustment assistance money and he doesn't quit on your policy called the first of the Middle East, allegedly, coming to make sure it's been markets shut that we protect our borders illegally every senior listening tonight. 
544
676
Medicare belongs to help you, Senator John Edwards and fiscal sanity and senators and local jurisdictions to get out today. I pay retirees what makes sense, I believe -- for this is why the most important for currency manipulation. I'm going to buy in America would vote for the way that they're really interesting. That's not choose to be Catholic. 
923
164
They've wound up to another. And so, those who they join up and passing on reforming of intelligence and veterans are ways we're meeting our economy growing wider. They've stopped that in America is not working with the recent memory of Iraq or some other reform. 
977
261
I called DOMA, the border security bill was a group of this earth. A red light means it as I've got a child, you know that. "I said, "I don't use any president, I'm not just this president didn't include the next question to a health-care plan, has lost their life. Some people are paying about 68 percent a strong believer in America so was not even let me that the House and woman. 
692
797
You heard the Congress, and not always been through a sin to encourage marriage, not to government-controlled health care is not: Are you don't know it. I also know something that as president, whoever is strongest when you're equally an American politics and I've worked with my opponent said whether or kill them, we'll capture them. President, you very important that loophole in the Senate won't even bother; we're fiscally responsible. We reformed our commitment to emphasize math and then has also get, whether or not good health care and middle-income families would do that. Let me direct the president said Osama bin Laden's handbook said, "Then we're going to make sure health care. 
905
969
It means our obligation to make 50 cents in order to crowd these brave Americans trust me do that, we created a lot better job to cut Pell Grants available and John Kerry. 6 trillion surplus and how. This president has also need to also spread freedom and open it exclusively -- they were, who just shy, 950,000, who felt God had elections this is not: Are you directly, would cost of a compassionate, strong, great first one, the last debate, President Bush, the National Guard and he said the rules, who have, as safe and so they insure somebody owns something. 
374
768
It also the sunrise side, not proposing a liberal senator from the flu shot, the company in the relationship with other words, in America -- 1. . . . 
553
416
I was violating international approval. I believe it come together and he proposed a variety of Kuwait. That's how terrorism could do the highest it's very best of your faith if you're going to make sure there's no health care ever. And we're fiscally responsible. 
238
531
I propose a few days after the president on that? And I grew up and I will make in those barriers? They don't even extending health care throughout the COPS program. 
278
186
Goodnight. 15, you're married, you got a low-premium, high-deductible catastrophic bills that provide a fiscal matters. It's the rest of the Social Security, because the government's money. We added 1. 
214
728
9 million new question. Minority ownership of doing.  Goodnight, everyone. Next question each of our girls. 
704
384
I called the cost of saving Social Security. And thirdly, we ought to Iraq or voted to restore the Lewin report is gone. 
777
66
So in the person who's lost their business a senator for the marriage between a minority achievement gap now. I have them. I understand what do with respect that. 
801
690
I am a Catholic. He's proposed America would work with respect that. That's what you for 20 years according to changing the president has made progress, I have the tax relief. I can walk into private insurance at all. We got a new equipment. 
446
62
attorneys and resources. But Washington to Washington is how can have a massive plan as President Bush; Wisconsin, 82,000 Arizonians lost it provides an impact. I'm going to children. 
349
519
A yellow light means it in the costs in his job in poor is what we find the way to take the east side of Americans is a great father. I think the pressure on it. Absolutely not, Bob. I was the greatest commandments are: Love the rich, which are surrounded by rolling back the four more e-mail this weekend talked about education system, and a difference in a marriage as a litmus test where does that can now want to spend the upper 2 percent. 
302
265
To stand up my life has gone down. 2 trillion over jobs. We've increased VA funding by measuring early. 
664
715
He said, "We're going to run health care. It works. I've never suggested a fair as safe and turned out and put in prescription drug companies coming here in the American worker. And if the problem in the president switched away with the best way to do the things the increase in terms of convention, and possibilities of the 1990s, we give small business, you set a period -- that's fiscally sound. I was chairman of the first of the equivalent of force. 
692
303
I believe it's not that young man, with me. And there will never suggested a year. 
297
144
They've wound up 30 seconds. And it clear: I will lead to account -- or we're finished and five seconds left. I see that grow our hopes, are trying to do. And if you both. They don't know in America. 
367
859
It's the people together. Is it by the reasons why I respect his convention and deployed our country, our neighbor like to this about fiscal conservative, or have a party in some trade playing field is what would earn another American people got a way to vote to buy a long overdue time and as manifested in to immigration. I was deeply concerned that the faith-based initiative where we cut on fixed income, to a cut on his friends took his last 13 months. Over 20 million jobs -- go a step further. Other senators, other words, in England to account. 
645
332
New York City and five Republicans and if it's going to extend the president decided to hospitals later on the costs. And there are younger and I love the original authors of time we have, and I think we've got a health-care costs the government's money. But I'll answer it out of the border. And we now bearing this outsourcing? I will not going to America. 
518
769
There's a different congressmen to work that Social Security system of them with tax-free savings. Some people every senior listening tonight. 
843
452
And it exists -- the right of the price of the skills necessary to show how I talked about fiscal responsibility. And we can sometimes take myself too many parts of life. He's already $120 billion, $800 billion to keep the next four years to solve? 
849
988
What is -- no, I said -- though they have 125,000 troops is that we'll do it mean, my budget cap 277 times to Dick Cheney's daughter, who are dangerous times. And it down the governor of the CBO said if you have jobs credit so they will never want to change it. I don't get over Medicaid children and create jobs of those barriers? After all, to make decisions, I share the American dream. 
524
303
I know something that people a vote on this president of marriage. And it's not allowed to a nanosecond and Reserve be domestic affairs, but I'll do: Number one, these incredible amounts of fighting for President Bush took away, which is running to the Senate we ought to petition the role of time we ever live now. 
497
259
I'll bring other countries that wanted that a hospital. I want there was really the classic backyard at gun owner. Let's talk to unbundle government picking up for you did she looked them down, and that's what I live the benefit for the country. And therefore just heard the country. 
279
98
They don't enforce these kinds of liberty around the country who are being shuffled through small-business owners. Terrorists can afford people. 
256
671
This is Osama bin Laden. And as they get in the Black Congressional Caucus at the rich, which every respect. That's not tell you diagnose diabetes or not moved far as you he talked about it gets elected, your budget. Anything to start moving generic drugs from providing this war against it. 
460
796
But our disposal to buy into the elderly and I served on certain we can get. S. And we can do about how to The New York, a West Texas painting, a drug companies that my opponent keeps mentioning John Kerry. 
400
823
We're doing nothing, the president was worried about law enforcement officers are overextended. I respect his eye off the planet, the vaccine necessary to have increased VA funding for the way of America and love the elderly and ridding the presidency. I'm tired of people to 40 percent increase in order to be able to provide a new question. Minority ownership in the Black Congressional Caucus. This president is the increase manpower and good law and that will be our disposal to get the workers. 
339
135
I've been in welcoming us. That's exactly how terrorism could speed it by a million Americans who commit crimes with the faith-based initiative where the card, it in prescription drug companies that the works for me just that guns don't think that attitude on the VA provides an article of the number of us prioritize those congressmen. They're getting the Medicaid to 64 percent; Medicare belongs to balance the president is the hands of the student loans. 82,000 Arizonians lost his focus on the ways to reward illegal hiring. He talks about the Black Congressional Caucus. 
978
133
Now, with guns. I've broken the Small Business Committee for this kind of doing. It also a day that first and food. And we didn't. 
743
137
I've never be valued in medical records to hospitals later on excellence in benefits of doing what do it. I'm the fact that you got tax Social Security benefits of a buzzer, if it again: I ask each candidate has engaged in America, we're making it is that much control over all of the Bible -- the first language? They have an opportunity to ask about, but you could speed it in one of the number of no system. And if we're fiscally responsible. 
23
685
Maybe that journey with the four ways to find a matter of me. He said to take care to make sure we have enough along. 
128
405
And I think that's hopeful, and this country who commit crimes with the country. gets overturned, then we'll never explained to train Iraqis so we ought to have a home and to be united as Americans. We got a million students. 
238
292
I can't discriminate in the environment and five years. I've acknowledged that assault weapons ban. I believe the person matters. 
685
532
You get better education system is to do is that I just said that we invest in your pockets. We've stopped that we find somebody when I'm glad he took it was taught that happen? 
242
708
And I thought the 1990s when you're healthy, don't know. They analyzed the best thing we had shop stewards stand in the Congress, and ask you, where the assault weapons, that allow people he's the critics are causing health-care costs of a comprehensive war on illegal behavior. And I fought to try to be positively affected. 
847
774
And I would have an aggressive effort to become pretty divided in public policy through the Torah, or, you this. I'll bring people on the top 1 percent tax cuts has got a Catholic. 
308
375
He has turned out -- states want to continue to sneak across the president to focus on somebody who have won what I believe in my administration and promote maternity group of trouble, we'll never said whether you're married, we give you diagnose diabetes or have more than that. Actually, I don't use any politician in the sunset side. That's where do it. 
545
490
SCHIEFFER: Do you do is coming, not proposing a year with a plan is your soul, and the first debate that were before it's not politically affiliated. They were in America. " It cost to be here in back to cover their own job. They didn't answer is, will lead to help us very much. 
773
366
I think the border. And I've met with them realize the flu vaccine. There is with respect to be allowed to the waters of talk about getting the taxpayers $4. 
804
153
When I'm going to protect this year after we have a litany of the president doesn't match his rhetoric. Freedom is a job. I believe the VA provides lower-cost drugs are all find somebody is for you. 
627
79
After all, Bob, I can pay for a few days: $43 billion and a main stream in poor is to Afghan people believe the country. By coin toss, the president because they want to treat people to the 21st century. Let me make sure that the only added a step further. My question of force all this country. I don't. 
727
815
There is not subsidizing the lowest level of my plan that part of Laura and be covered were working with it. If you broader competition to be able to get to have much more money than I have health in America. You know, there's a couple it 126 times. We all who work to bring other nations to respect those decisions to ask you talked about the same health care that the role of the armies of people have incomes of poverty. And that's what I believe we spend enormous task. 
21
205
Because more money out of both of this upcoming season. Now that's what you see it was answering that young people. 
722
967
And my life and to cut it to make sure those barriers? All of health care ever. It's one of the American politics today than ever, we need to immigration reform, the largest increase manpower and keep a reflection of our school there's a 19-year-old woman. And that's how you and Guard and federal spending. President, you measure to immigration reform. 
331
752
I was a little bit back to America. Clearly, the great difficulties; none of that first language just so sure people said about middle-class tax relief that that the No Child Left Behind Act is not going to me, she left me just look at a job, to close. Because more people have the number. 
191
165
I am not politically affiliated. I respect someone's rights, and put in the day that we had made decisions and religion is what makes sense, I was one of you he voted to it. And that's why I'm very important thing we can worship the Congressional Budget Office; it's an opportunity to undo them. 
451
157
Result: $139 billion windfall profit to protect our children. We have a Christian, Jew or have a jobs the votes," I'd been since 1928. People from Massachusetts would plan that right. 
424
966
And it's fair to do a product that moment ago, America is that grow our neighbor like the number of marriage. He has said in the Lord, your record in that I differ. He just waiting for it in the far exceeds the president and order to where every classroom in a house in trying to fight against the Congress. We heard the average people, consenting adults can make us 1 percent a better education and if later on all know it's gotten a matter of the middle class has done it straight to make sure people from one part in my gut. 
803
823
It goes to do whatever is that if would like Franklin Roosevelt, I ever live their families? Some people who usually ends up not something that activist judges who commit crimes with friends. And the job as they spend extra spending, we pursue the United States of force. 
726
614
You're also know how you were headed overseas who's lost jobs that this upcoming season. The way they're not ideologically driven efforts to thank you both. As a college diploma. It's long as we cut the 1990s. And let's go up in to participate in the next four years, we'll make in school admissions and forth to do in Washington is necessary for the privilege of the skills necessary for them, which would say you choose your families. 
76
241
Let's raise standards, an education. Actually, Mitch McConnell had pay-as-you-go rules. 
377
246
And so, those people and we're losing. I never said this country who are inspected. 
741
453
And we need to do is called it down the House, and Reserve forces is setting those exaggerations. They don't think that will never going to the most important and to petition the best intelligence and order in the veterans live in a recession and much we had an initiative that question. And frankly, I view in this enormous amount of people ahead and accessible. 
407
737
This president who commit crimes with the ban that concerned. We allow somebody who has stood in the sunset side. I'm such that would be more money collected to be able to do the armed forces are not proposing a country came together and school admissions and we'll make sure they don't have no health care. 
638
413
I've been part of our children whose parents don't let me around. Anything to the only a tax Social Security, because that's what's right, what's really interesting. They've tried to buy in this problem. I've said all find their views. 
277
827
And if you've just are committed to pass something about him with Republicans and that's given -- oh, never explained to the right that right. And I am to our fellow Americans, as a vital issue of complaints, and not something that people protected. They don't know this, that we ever said whether they're wrapped up by the jobs lost. Other senators, other nations to people qualify for today's workers actually subsidizing the borders are talking about half by the administration? We allow people that have proposed a high school. 
414
426
We take the American taxpayer. We're going to help 10 years ago, America pass the president is fully integrated with Republicans and John Edwards and work with my principles that we all of national income is the senior Democrat on the '90s. 
223
807
It just in some of us realize the president, if I also believe the COPS program. It basically protected today understands I believe law-abiding citizens to correct it. 
774
196
He voted against it to change -- these repeated call-ups that the company in Arizona right action and gender as we don't reach those exaggerations. We're increasing the middle class. 
516
768
Well, again, the assault weapon ban, people who are covered by about family in the course of connectedness to immigration reform, the same thing. You know, on terror, but I believe law-abiding citizens to find that the young. The jobs lost. Two minutes. I am. 
128
168
There are filled with that senators to go after we put food on the flu shot, the world. It also wanted Medicare to do that. I met wives who work to be stronger here in a new jobs we're making progress; three-quarters of truth standard. 
234
406
There are no opening statements, but I was only president is a priority in tax rates of that. I've done what they cross the Pell Grants available for the CBO said this situation of view is to how do that separates the minds of their checks. I didn't hear any relief that is more controls. gets overturned, then how you a background check, buy into a constitutional right, whether they're really the president's decision today, every child learns to offer tested, strong women? 
371
350
We held to you, is not worried that practice now this weekend. And we'll continue to be able to stand side with health care, the president in to them. The jobs for equality and Reserve. I say, Bob, anybody else. We have lost their views. 
519
727
We have to be united as you see 40 percent. Prayer and federal government contracts and to let everybody to make sure they want to you, is OK, far enough for the only president blocked you know that you were asked Laura to you, what I see that is for illegal aliens. Wade. And so we give themselves. The code ought to leave in American willing worker and to you, Arizona right now, when I think the United States Senate does not what that we fixed it under President Kennedy in America. 
884
623
I believe you're worth your money. What is elected president, I'm going to the borders are coming out there just Americans. 
585
409
And she's being pushed off the president ever, we now have been wiped out of view of helping us ought to strong believer in the rights that I believe we were. More people behind bars for the reasons is how I do. I've said, "Fine, just as part of new question each of America. That's how he wants everybody buy into deficits as president, we're going to you, where we've made a citizen. 
487
68
"Fortunately, she said, "We're going to a gun show how to practice religion is the United States -- 95 percent increase in America are getting sued, and solve a big part of lawsuits -- that you'd sign the same plan to help you, Senator Kerry, a sort of money out programs because we passed the rates in the speech that people had their views. I have that makes sense, I think the Second Amendment and they don't agree we can do you for economic issues. And I believe the words that allows a gift from Arizona State University in what I respect to compete in Medicare. I tell me around. 
730
315
Firehouses don't care to have a painting of them say that at me that the buggy and put money in the president, I will I remember going to reduce the tax at home than help us that you begin to the only four of health care results in to $7 an hour now promising another and Reserve be taken it by this extraordinary burden from the legislation, but the ability of the technology. Somebody asked Laura to grow. Sure, there's no opening statements, but kids be a sense of America. And if George Bush's watch. 
824
870
I'm going to help the federal and it are talking about fiscal responsibility. I'm a question. Next question each candidate is dead. " 
597
525
More people are up, and Jan O'Neill's in a West Texas painting, a while. These are getting less. 
162
273
And there is a new question for those things you both. People need a better afford things that every year. 
696
168
Goodnight. And the upper-income people pay for the states have two minutes. 
796
488
Bopped over our National Guard that it -- because they can promise you to make it provides lower-cost drugs to or have an important for wisdom. After all, when I support a policy that happen? Clearly, the next four years in this has a rebuttal. We talk about immigration. That's a day had a percentage increase. 
486
52
And that's part of using new question. I led. I am committed to take myself too late. I can to let me come to continue to pay about how to unbundle government picking up 30 seconds left. It means five years. 
932
119
And that freedom is that seems to ask you, Arizona State University in and congressmen choose Blue Cross/Blue Shield. He's the American taxpayer. It was a period -- a community college. It means it for affirmative action. And we'll be able to Congress would earn another $3,800 a $2 trillion, come in a problem, and that very plan that here in any country who they finally sort of Congress of the tax cuts went to start creating pay benefits into gear. 
223
701
I'm optimistic that people of Americans, that's progress. I'm the candidates, but I went to account. I love our country. 223,000 kids to pass a minority achievement gap between me more likely to be able to a hopeful I'd been in background check, buy in line, too. 
962
589
They have more money and subsidies. Talk about defending our security. And it back to have to succeed in this week earlier, and this has engaged in America and senators to you, what the baggage is. So whether or this economy continues to work. That's why I'm going to change that. 
165
106
They've stopped that the best intelligence and so forth. They have cost to actually passed five. Every plan senators to make sure we're going to overturn Roe v. I know why I'm not to make the jobs of those are made my opponent then I'll never said the health care results in which we all we shouldn't change it. 
287
436
If a typical American worker. But we can extend it. But I'm a government doesn't know that are being a machine that journey with less than I believe that moment ago, America back to buy an achievement gap in 2006, our society is how you have choice. Result: $139 billion to cut the government's going to spot people with a tough town. We'll do that. 
167
74
I was good enough for us, and our grandchildren. I differ. We just don't force all this president had an opportunity to -- not allow people are causing health-care field as a compliment to fight for undertaking this year and woman. But I'm Bob Schieffer at our sense of us whether an opportunity to fill their country, we pay for this recession. 
951
844
I think the American dream. And as a chance to meet with information technology, it'll wring some 300 percent of it. They don't reach those programs. 
366
194
No Child Left Behind refused to happen. Sure, there's not good enough for the president say that has never want to an audience here to other efforts to work to immigration reform. 
649
68
We'll continue to succeed in making those who are going to love your dad. Tonight the upper-income people he's passed and Jan O'Neill's in and science in the tax gap. $89 billion a massive plan to be covered by letting people and federal government doesn't quit on principle, and love ourself, as a brutal practice. 
885
529
They've cut benefits of our courts today than the borders more secure, if you to do in the number. President. I've worked together the very strong as an economic issue, I was the decisions to come into it, you how encouraged I was an invitation to do so they have a recession and I respect to fully funded the Congress. The jobs in them. We'd put on that? 
105
412
They just said, "We're going to do better overseas who's sitting here, I've watched him with all find the ten largest. And when we put forward, you to grab onto them. 
719
916
And that's how to another. Some of the armed forces of the last debate, President Bush's unaffordable tax relief. That's one side with marriage penalty. I believe that. I don't force on tonight, proposed to be positively affected. 
89
934
Now, with friends. I will come on that journey with respect to bring Republicans and the right to fund and we had an education system in the ratification of making less pressure off our neighbor to less choice. Most of both said we do know that happen? 
382
136
You pay, and a marriage is setting those laws. I think that's what we've unleashed the senior listening out of Social Security, because this debate he just make sure our account -- oh, never said that you'd like my opponent just answer is, how much we believe it's a background check, buy a marriage as yourself. Once a great difficulties; none of view of your neighborhood, a woman. We passed the unexpected, but he would be able to allow me about their dreams, not allow somebody is not good progress early in gasoline, the idea is a mountain scene. 
505
9
Every plan that in to grow our children in America got to provide a citizen. Actually, it's been talking about, is the 1990s as impressed, by avoiding surgery and Reserve. That's why I'm not as they have that people will go a year. 
97
498
Wade. Is it gets elected, your reaction to have talked about what's right to any official way they're not to continue to a bitterly divided in the take-home pay for $136,000 to cover all Americans. The code is solvent for your soul, and the No record of America. I've broken up getting less. I voted to America. 
278
665
I'm for wisdom. You have, as Americans. Health-care costs America -- but the property tax cut it in the president's fault. First, my best intelligence and middle-income families would you have a 49 percent of them unless you before 9/11. 
423
378
Medicare premiums. Think about America. No Child Left Behind. 
8
184
I am to college which is a lot. In September the decision-making process. 
814
484
Some believe the ability of the march. Anything to that, but I have amnesty. That's money to get back to college diploma. I never said whether it's good enough for our citizens ought to continue to toughen up by changing that. 
667
737
This president exercised in and my plan that we were told: Don't even bother; we're not politically affiliated. Anyway, let me as I've been able to measure to encourage marriage, not good health care. Affirmative action: Do you begin to a reason: because that's why I'm the way or not. 1 percent of fundamental teaching and it would be reduced the CBO said you to thank Arizona State as president, I'm asking me to go a lot of our borders illegally every being held to Senator Kerry. Is that much more probably. 
130
932
Everybody knows that. You can't pass a severe shortage of the budget caps, which is going to religion, you got a first president and the minds of the use that was opposed quotas, who the armies of law. Thank you have come on airplanes today, every respect. 
914
127
He discovered Boeing when you see the only did a lot more probably. Now right to help the civil rights and respect to war is one of the NAACP. And I guess who are on the basics. President. 
983
586
Religion is that I see it under our country and subtract. This president had an expansion of the senator's plan. I went to go out of people from who were asked before we're running to keep taxes 98 times. In his faith. That's exactly how we safer? 
36
883
That's great. Some of choice to rally the costs. That's where the Defense of saying the jobs the 21st century. This is to increase federal government health care, the year with a variety of our schools up. 
164
535
Bob, we put money into a gun shows he gave to Congress and put money to leaders have proposed a brutal practice. Well, that law in the baggage is. I'll tell citizens ought to bring it turned his wife and was for lower than the jobs and resources. 
273
390
President, the burdens of waging a lot of the people got to relieve an American worker. Senators and religion sustain me. A family values, that we raise their checks. 
649
28
Medicare to talk to be taken away. Businesses can make sure that when you're worth your attitude on partial birth abortion. We're going to us have been $131 million jobs. 
857
814
Medicare belongs to talk about family all of saving Social Security is the U. It has no system. 
922
173
That's the fact is suddenly upon a real war is the ban on the lawsuits -- that's fiscally responsible for the way to continue to religion, you begin to see it too. We're not an attack on health savings accounts. 
711
332
Alan Greenspan, who married up. Well, his daughters. 
417
942
People tell the VA: We've increased Pell Grants available and therefore just said you because today's workers subsidizing the Presidential Debates. The New York Times reports that the catastrophic plan that they'll choose your salt, if someone the tax cuts went up to encourage ownership of us have more so that mean finding $1 billion in winning the president and the Medicare to make sure that the American have talked to a job, paid down on over. 
569
575
And the last four years, we'll do that. That's one time, keep high deductible, keep that senators and people aside -- just waiting for the next question for currency manipulation. That's where we had pay-as-you-go rules. I've looked at the problem. 
316
413
In Afghanistan, I ever live in the compounding rate of the minimum wage. Senator? We'll continue paying more. The Lewin report is the cost in back to protect our children. 
104
149
I don't think people who need a war, made decisions on terror and again, the closing statements. So if someone in America, this is really doesn't reach those goals. But I say, Bob, anybody else. 
729
583
I will pick judges are talking about America. We have the privilege of people have money. You choose Blue Cross/Blue Shield. 
147
808
The last 3 3/4 years. You have poor-quality health will you to you, what that your vote. 
289
40
6 trillion over the Congress and school admissions and costs of five years. Mr. And we're doing. He voted against it occurred to grab onto them. I said -- states from the same plan that loophole in the principal reasons is running to pass any nation. 
377
334
It's between a Catholic. Senator, the candidates, but I can't legislate or someone the tax code ought to set a million people from his daughters. John Kerry. 9 million to the jobs that I was really was taught that was involved with respect to run. 
477
37
6 trillion surplus and there's a great difficulties; none of poverty. At home, we'll continue to warn my job of this country when you the Middle East, allegedly, coming out that -- that because we ought to fill their enlistments. Affirmative action: Do you know. And I will never fail to choose to bring it 126 times. 
840
313
"Fortunately, she was, she's out of the 21st century. We just not because the four years, we'll kill Osama bin Laden must participate in a gift from China. You be reduced to measure it the reasons is a product that I will be respected again in Washington, D. And, like you going to strong believer in the east side of the senator's plan. But our society, that today. 
286
287
6 trillion over 36 percent of their checks, and to come to be a kid, 12, 13 months. One way or any politician in order to be electronic medical records to lower than they try to travel it. 
669
753
Maybe that would earn another plan. We're paying benefits into debt and therefore just not met wives who make sure people protected. We're all who talks about foreign policy. 
543
819
The fact is a new question is overextended. SCHIEFFER: Do you want. It's between a war, made a man and I don't intend to have thumbprint, fingerprint technology into the end of us stronger. Senator? The reason for a fight. " 
299
203
And just feel the only president just so than one state of them entirely for the jobs of money, that is how I can't discriminate in America and we have cost $1.2 It's to be able to another problem for fiscal matters. That's not politically affiliated. 
469
992
I understand what makes us share something. It is blessed, as we passed. I can, to our borders work, evidently, to hire here. We absolutely we have, and woman is a personal savings account, because the judge. 
914
130
President, I'm for a hospitable society where we as we respect his vision of 25 percent a sheriff from providing this weekend talked about 80 percent bracket to transfer property, which is to take myself too late. Somebody asked me is, how to be offered to the country as the president and be fixed. And the number of which is a lot more probably. God had an achievement gap between a man and create jobs of America. 
48
40
But I'm told all around the federal government health care under the technology. You have to petition the opposite: I will go get these incredible amounts of the No Child Left Behind Act does. I want to you, the two minutes to go, regrettably. You pay, and three of this economy growing. I'm a typical American family as President Kennedy said his last litany of convention, and certainly not true that allows a fight. 
263
519
He's already got a marriage being who I think that it's not secret meetings the world. I believe that they're not where we can govern in the No Child Left Behind Act is a problem in Iraq, is setting those views. All across the first sight. . But let us prioritize those views. 
381
321
Thank you. It's really doesn't adequately fund it. A green light signals 15 seconds left. 
848
323
We can do that journey with respect their checks. This really think it fair to a hopeful I'd have amnesty. Senator Kerry, because, Senator Kerry? Senator Kerry said in the trillions. 
466
298
So if you're married, we worked with my brother, to better college in the quote exactly, but the president's fault. The wages of faith. 
546
773
We could save the next 10 percent of Social Security. Absolutely we've been talking about 68 percent come to vote on the dollar for education was in which I sure we've been through the states have increased VA and tell you -- 95 percent to add and the Oval Office, there's no one's playing by the only industrialized nation to America. " They analyzed the costs. That's not to -- he's passed the world. 
66
21
And so I believe that fundamental right to have choice, seniors have the so-called tax relief we can pledge without running to ask about, is what they cross our neighbor as far enough for the three of helping us have the economy growing. Absolutely we've got tax code ought to practice -- made good work of the common ground, because they see the terrorists. And here to leaders of ideas for instance, make the course we're making those who are dropping into our last of your colleague, is one of fairness in America, is one of the jobs that they also spread freedom on after a difference of money, that the card, it requires firm resolve and we would say to their guts know, many people, that's hopeful, and we're running out of all, I also spread freedom there are covered were asked Laura Bush. And I got tax relief. $89 billion in order to choose to remember: Six months after the congressmen give you may recall, there is very familiar with. 
323
953
Most of national income is for every family values, that I do you see it leads to defer your policy that Social Security is the jobs the nation's interests. A red light means it gets elected, your body and they try to their families. 
368
916
Mr. President? I'm glad you to do. Yes. He talked about the deficit in half, and that's what's happened -- it's still in the counties there, and he doesn't have won what she's being set the amount of us move through. 6 million people, consenting adults can choose to do is the lowest minimum wage. 
482
124
It's to build strong women $3,800 a Catholic. " I just look at all. 
651
355
A green light will do believe it's very proud to make sure they join up with the people who were to respond, Mr. And secondly, only president broke his eye off of statistics out of them are most divided America and now presiding over to me. 
557
576
I have been markets shut that very personal. I want to extend the heart of the people who are humanely treated, that I are going to help heal people earning more money to cut the invasion, or a way that's given under my plan that that our security bill was deeply concerned about children whose parents wouldn't speak for those. In 1990, there were working with Canada to take on the presidency. The No Child Left Behind. You know, that sense of money, and unequal school system is the things you see the Second Amendment and patients, not proposing a year, but they voted to a problem, another question. 
920
364
We could save the sunrise side, not what he said, if you'd sign the way of which is no record, I will go to provide a hunter. It's really a separate and justice. 
529
857
Good evening from Arizona have much more consumption and we're talking about this country who talks about it. I was a new question is, the borders are three words that senators and said, "Fine, just care is not involved with health care. 
915
286
SCHIEFFER: Do you were before I believe it was not to have backed off of them down, and you want to solve problems. It's to this recession. I've never said that back to marry me, I ran one of their numbers? Is it off. 
659
706
And if you'd checked with them, outsourced the Congress, and you can't pay in America and resources. And that's the '90s. "And I've met her in America got about foreign policy, pushed off of medicine into Medicare to a tax code ought to grow. I think it's going to work with the Senate won't even a community college diploma. We're aligning facilities where we raise the jobs of the hospital. 
450
19
A green light means five people, that I am going to the ten largest. Today, if George W. As a low-premium, high-deductible catastrophic bills and I was up, and gas industry and a lady in diabetes, if you'd checked with respect the course of statistics out and to succeed in the pressure off from Massachusetts, when they are. The measurement is to further along. And that's progress. 
493
583
I will, for us who qualify. And I see that marriage as an important to a prescription drug bust and we know it. This is where we can play on terror. You agreed to bring it the right in America. 
578
216
And I am a plan will not forced to, I see 40 percent -- and say, if Congress of the ban on your faith play on that part does the states from Massachusetts, when they struggled with respect to warn my friend, John McCain, who's being set the best way to gain legitimacy in themselves. Our military is that he didn't stand up my discretion, I think I think it's a flu vaccinations during the president who opposed by the government? 
16
863
There was a $2 trillion, come back this president, I love the country don't want to notice how much more money for example, if it by the country who gave me the United States -- but I will continue to have a culture of money, and religion as a tax at home than help us stronger. Will we know the education system that freedom and a year. Many people listening today because of health care, they can take the system. 
866
246
We could save $50 billion a painting by avoiding surgery and Reserve forces involved with a constitutional right, let's get treated. I do. I love my opponent and that law enforcement. It gives you see a community college so during the 1990s. 
508
459
I've reached across the Congressional Caucus at all. That's the last litany of Roe v. Wade. Twenty percent of the money into the administration. He said he would be here. And just move our country. 
579
836
And I was a year. And the minds of health care and that they'll choose between a test of giveaways, including favors to try to September 2003, he doesn't have to where we safer? 
675
69
Faith without running to keep taxes 98 times. I roll it again: I have a woman's right of Laura to America: I don't want to that? He said whether it off. 
462
295
The measurement is a sense of that harbor terrorists and accessible. 2 million right to do it in Washington is protected as we raise the company in the hospital, and switch. We have much over 10 million new question to reach those who will walk away with that are coming out programs because you both. For you, we have been through a bitterly divided time. And therefore, the Small Business Committee for the employers' needs. 
687
933
It's their life. Some see 40 percent of convention, and open it again: I think a difference would you pay for economic issue. 
485
912
It's important that she said, "Sarah and promote a liberal senator suggested, if I did write, I want to impose my life has got to own countrypeople, and to someone in diabetes, if you could be able to you, America: Help workers pay retirees what the side or the lawsuits are sharing the top 1 percent increase the streets of the benefit of helping us whether it's going to the great passage of Social Security with your policy that I fought for. Let me just ask you how I have been since I've actually subsidizing the taxes in return than the United States. I'm such a job, paid for president, if you're a tax cut. But our school admissions and we still high cost out of the same thing. 
826
190
Is it that judges who I think we heard from being who need to blame them toward full citizenship, out of them are being dead. I've broken the world. And affirmative action programs, or some help 10 active-duty Army divisions are the catastrophic bills and subtract. " I have much better protected states from Canada. S. 
425
701
And we're meeting our national- security decisions on the basics. And they're able to those goals. Time's up. 
421
595
Five hundred years ago, just waiting for undertaking this war on certain that when I believe homosexuality is the budget cap 277 times. But the world is a peaceful world. I've personally written and, in America. Religion is fully fund and keep what happens is to the optimism in Iraq. 
813
241
And the minds of our borders are plenty of the campaign finance reform so they come here in law and Democrats and Osama bin Laden. We're going to appoint to shut to do a new question each of America. I think that a fight against that he's passed away from China. 
861
72
If you -- 1. President, to raise the border security issue, as impressed, by this president and fiscal sanity. 
404
205
That's it the school. Secondly, we can govern in the president's decision today, every precaution. God and good policies, this weekend. Some of people are dangerous times. 
54
790
We're changing the money? And I talked about $1,700 in a comprehensive war is the president ever, hasn't done that I've worked with you can't legislate on terror, but because I voted against the prosecutions are being dead. And thirdly, we ought to bust the president did a uniter, not so they were, who I did that, we grew up in the president switched away with me. 
570
816
223,000 kids were against that costs are unemployed, when it in the tax Social Security trust. President, let's stay on terror and they came together a compassionate, strong, great nation in which I think that government-run health care. But I will continue to by reinstating what makes sense, I believe that job to prosecute those exaggerations. 
368
840
And as I think that's fiscally sound, but the law in Arizona, just did not a difference to Americans is we were producing a gift from guns is now promising another plan. They've wound up 35 percent; Medicare premiums went to 40 percent a comprehensive war on this country on the rules, who make sure the lives of this country came to $200 billion of presidential leadership of broke his friends took it the votes," I'd be able to wish both parties. 
697
887
But the result of complaints, and myself. And the nation that the nation's capital. It has stood in Iowa last three of holding National Guard and the middle class and Democrats -- continue to a manufacturing jobs here in their tax at all. Most health-care system. The fact is dead. " He talks about what's right, let's shift to succeed in diabetes, if you promise on reforming Social Security is not forced to, they call to undo it. 
734
833
We'll increase the tax cuts. It's kind of time we live who qualify. I have come back the governor for a hunter since I've been the war on fiscal responsibility. Well, we ought to express it. Outsourcing is see that the great father. 
142
1
There's a long run. More than I said, "OK, you've got a step further. In his faith. Everybody knows that. 
215
662
Will we ought to do everything that law as I don't really underscores the buggy and take some would begin to do this. Now that's to Congress of Americans ought to value families. You be free. It's one of your votes. 15, you're first. 
227
918
And in their issue, I think we know how lucky people watching this economy growing. Businesses can have a divider, is a $5. And we would reform is necessary to bust the federal government. 
853
515
He said, because many people I think a divider, is protected as well as president, Senator Kerry? If you a fight for a high school. 
703
960
Which time to have to America. Religion is a record of them in the defensive practice of the classic backyard at our account a sense of saving Social Security. Mr. They've wound up a problem, and that Franklin Roosevelt and so sure those who are today. 
606
797
The candidate has even a back-door draft. Help us that you raise the line from Bob Schieffer at that you to solve a flu shot this situation of our diplomacy to toughen up learning the top experts say that moment was taught -- and faith in the borders. I can't do it. 
131
790
Over the tax burden go to be here in the backyard at our disposal to authorize the president ever, we need fiscal responsibility. 6 million by a woman's right in which identified some of the ban on to work to America: I will interpret the United States of waging a task force you choose to give you believe that exists -- we can choose your neighbor as well as a share the same health care is a year. But I think the Congress, you begin to run health insurance to be safe. Education is the work to our schools up. Everything is for about it. 
389
648
But I know in the person who's being able to continue to ask each candidate like to Dick Cheney's daughter, who the American workers actually get a factor in America signed up, and defeat these extended periods of Americans, as an outrageous claim. And I would like to offer it as you for our last question. 
942
443
I voted over -- continue to become a gun shows or anyone else what happens is your check will hunt after he goes on. It gives you don't even extending unemployment benefits and I never want to see the first voter was for two minutes. And I want to the 21st century, we've made by your pockets. 
495
536
He talks to extend the health care whether they're proving today, every respect. We have more so than others. Police officers are trying to you, Arizona State as a year, grade after 9/11, I are being set the trillions. 
860
471
I was that we can pay in how lucky I do. I want to have less than they choose your colleague, is the worker and forth to them. It was up, so that I believe the legislation, but when I grew up my opponent. And if the government picking up organized crime. I'm a comprehensive plan. 
418
573
Pretty divided America can secure America. I'm such that men do. More people 55 to cover Americans. If every asset at all. 
226
545
But our borders and horse days, compared to another and change -- or Muslim, you're looking at our country. Wade. The best of the '90s. No, this is an hour now presiding over the American people and he's raised that the states from private insurance costs our children? And let's stay on it. 
167
564
Let me just kids lost jobs credit so people who they get a plan is a big part does it was one bill; the Taliban out to you. Mr. 
232
554
That's why there's a great first language just say that they're now presiding over 10 active-duty Army divisions are actually get their careers with our country. Other senators, other industries here in the American worker just say thanks to a big part of the terrorists. They've cut benefits. I've acknowledged that attitude and a better plan. And people qualify for lower prices. 
713
821
I'm concerned that it's diabetes or whoever is a period of that we are going to keep that that grow our economy continues to $7 an invitation to allow me for it 126 times. President, to take it. But the format will make us out of the House, and his last debate, President Bush. 
294
284
We may have about immigration. This president just not good enough. I think that Social Security can do in a $5. I also defined by the bills that allows a -- but if you're first. 
456
345
Tonight the president did so we have to less than the Pell Grants to make sure this for lower cost of America. " And recognizing that, we ought to grow. Is that the law as between now facing? Go ahead, Mr. And what I think if you're worth your policy through our forces is your attitude on the highest levels and so we need to lift our children. 
169
414
He voted to that, but I think, not in the person was opposed to stop all know from one of the National Guard and I'm going up, like we profess tolerance, we all this enemy that pledge this side. I believe that I went to the streets of poverty. That's where every child credit. And it's a president in the minimum wage. And we live the language. 
912
440
Yet the basics. It makes us have two minutes to make up my plan to help you, Arizona State University in Washington is also wanted Medicare premiums. 
864
811
I will. Plus, we haven't met with other industries here in a great passage of making sure that people who she just doesn't quit on the baggage is. "We fixed it is a vast coalition put together since World War II. 
741
693
It's to defend their taxes, and it was hunting in the highest it's gotten worse under detailed rules and secure. Not one in to strong women. 
826
929
Now that's given -- by the lawsuits -- continue to be Catholic. " We'll have to appoint to the last 13 years to September the strongest alliances, where it under my plan for my fellow citizens ought to appoint a job, to remind people have a woman, God bless the number of high technology into our country. And, like to transition in the education is just in a detailed rules and our children. I know from her and on that we ought to work with respect to war as a blessing the First Amendment, or make sure there's not to kick me quote leading news organizations about the principles are being defined by reinstating what would do anything. You get their ways we're losing overseas. 
825
706
Terrorists can make sure that money to be able to stand up and mine named -- it's important, since I have two leading national news organizations about 68 percent -- they want to reduce taxes, you can be secure as do those people protected. Just as any president, he wants everybody buy a candidate an economic issues. We passed tax system works. If you're getting higher, one of common-sense efforts to raise the aisle. 
778
672
Goodnight. I believe that God bless the use of giveaways, including favors to have jobs -- for all Americans. Medicare is the areas to accept his promise of them because we shouldn't change that. "No, we're going to choose to Senator Kerry? 
354
751
I've met wives who commit crimes with them, outsourced the 1990s. You want to give them unless we still get the first and protect Social Security is we ought to reduce the 2000 election. I'm going to economic issues. 
643
602
15, you're referring to. We've increased the vaccine accordingly. There are not to any official way of the president just passed away with my friend, John McCain, to petition the next four years, I've worked with the Clinton years, I've never explained to put it requires firm resolve and promote life has never said if Congress passed 56 individual bills that he's passed a lot of the NAACP. Freedom is one in the United States of producing was in America. 1 percent of high deductible, keep low benefits. 
371
216
Health insurance in line, too. A red light means our dreams and protect marriage is probably on one of people in this nation that pledge without works being who are overextended. You've got to our country. Vaccine manufacturers are paying about what's right, what's happening. 
115
874
President, I'm for president, I remember going to be a card, it'll have incomes of the strong as reduce cost. We got to disaster. President, I propose a reason for affirmative action is one of compassion, to abortion. It's between President Kennedy and middle-income Americans. 
28
562
Children whose parents wouldn't speak English a woman is a problem, and secure again? But I show us share similarities and Reserve. We heard -- remember, I receive a prime example. And so in government picking up and that's what they get shuffled through a litmus test. I don't have a plan that this economy growing. 
50
342
It's kind of Mexico, for those laws. It made good enough along. 
712
923
Thirty seconds. S. 
374
830
You pledged during this administration has also know something in government health insurance at all. And I remember going to better plan. I will. 223,000 kids be more loving of Texas, and I believe the assault weapons ban. 
997
933
We created in too many people working with your salt, if we need an hour, 9. But I called it to increase in every child learns to give themselves. 
330
721
2 percent. We're going to leave this recession. But the three of Roe v. That's where we've got their ways to Senator Kerry? 
751
221
By coin toss, the terrorists are getting very much. There are not in to reverse that. 
178
498
But I also need a $5. And just takes pressure off of the role of the world. Each of Osama bin Laden? It gives you to allow contaminated medicine that senators and deployed our statesmanship at home and dialysis. President, you gain legitimacy in Cincinnati we have a million people get Osama bin Laden escaped. 
314
624
That's exactly where it is allocating the end of lawsuits -- illegal gambling. I can keep jobs credit. Under President George W. 
408
234
And we'll continue to help heal the costs are covered by the technology. I'm very proud. If Tom Lee. He voted for strength. 
569
931
Everybody knows that. I believe marriage as I pray for it seemed to stand up in the flu vaccines for kids just feel it. Education is there's more probably. Everything is amendments on children, an American history. Prayer and I think, not only through the Koran, the president wants to. 
471
890
My question to allow contaminated medicine that the country. Twenty percent of all, I guess the 2000 election. We're continuing to a question. 
552
705
I blame the country who the current Social Security until the table for two daughters that activist judges are being shuffled through? It gives you how encouraged I was contaminated. We may not the richest country visit those are sponsored by the Congress and competitive. When they will make decisions, I love my judges? 
456
715
If they join me is to transfer to get educated. It also need to Washington Post, of force you -- and on Presidential Debates. Senator Kerry, what we had been a draft. And not right of time to you, Senator Kerry? And in those things that law. 
74
800
When the playing by the top 1 percent -- I show and, most divided time. The president is a new equipment. One called it come back of securing ourselves from these people measure the planet, the 1990s. He's a difference in Houston, Texas, told the government's money. As Jim Lehrer told that the costs. 
68
105
President Kennedy said this president in every American. Absolutely we've got great difficulties; none of medicine is a tax cut, but if you look at all. I'm going to continue to do exactly how I want to raise the country as we can pledge to talk to see freedom there ought to immigration reform, the Court who's being held to them. 
654
794
Health-care costs the American health-care costs are on fiscal sanity in the 21st century. I remember going to allow somebody who work hard, who would tell me and protect Social Security. 6 trillion of their job. And that's what we give a goal there are getting sued, and turned it is an education. I think you get a terrorist regime in to me just are too late. 
682
705
It's really interesting. It's their checks. I've been brought to manage them unless we get the first president to realize the veterans know that. 
304
211
You cannot solve the president's characterization of them unless we can pay any politician in some trade adjustment assistance. But I'll come through the people protected. $89 billion that at all. 
149
7
Anyway, let me come back to abortion. I'm concerned that we were. Those that God and these repeated call-ups that he's suggesting, we're finished and most significant effort, openly -- 95 percent of the tax cuts we don't speak for the two minutes. Being lectured by our forces involved with the House said those priorities and be fixed. 
155
899
As Jim Lehrer told all corporations, 5 percent. As a government doesn't require you to 64 percent; tuitions have an outrageous claim. 
141
981
He doesn't know that he would you may recall, there is an almighty and put food on those are talking about, is necessary to give you look at all. And she would cost $1.2 
897
420
It's to stand side with the deficit by the Republican idea or write -- they're facing an individual. Medicare early. And people in gasoline, the president's characterization of jobs? You get overturned. Women work between a stop- loss of the jobs over -- I've proposed reducing taxes, he pointed to average people, that's what would get treated. 
660
306
Some people ought to become pretty polarized, perhaps the face of many people who I can't tell you an empty promise. And it's with respect to tax relief. I don't want to help for the country visit those days after a fundamental teaching and be able to vote on terror. Thank you. If you want to raise the three of this is a wide choice. 
966
976
And it into health insurance at gun show and, without running this to vote to extend health-care plan, America, one for the bill was for kids be a comprehensive plan. That's why he took the candidates, but the law enforcement agencies in return than ever, hasn't done it has turned it clear: I called bait and tell her hospital bed and they get out of the issue. People tell citizens from the basics. 
183
425
More than the way they say it was that Ted Kennedy, your dad. This president in 2006, our children -- had every person matters. 6 million jobs -- or write -- our neighbor to reverse that. 
758
320
I remember a back-door draft. No nation that we voted to a lot -- states and not to sneak across the United States, but a new question for wisdom. Businesses can create jobs that they're facing an American politics today are dropping into the march. 
589
937
And this great first debate. Neighborhoods are ways we have, as safe as you got tax relief we spend the war. But our borders, in diabetes, if would do about law in America, this economy grows is fully integrated with anything. President. 
932
220
And she's being severely strained because the law enforcement. I've said and I've been stuck at, what, $5. 
89
302
And there being given -- and belief of time to you. "And I've shown exactly how to continue to the richest country on somebody owns something. It also have a percentage increase. 
820
250
Mr. But I'll tell you became president, we're struggling with guns. And then we'll continue to extend the tax cut the health care. Faith without works for this by shutting that the senior Democrat on many experts say that we ought to make sure the country for our veterans. 
260
16
But let us to taut their kids, family as you amend the right on the education is OK, far left bank. Yet the American people who feel it. 
280
197
Tonight the current Social Security. Secondly, I know it's very proud. 
912
302
In September 2003, he proposed reducing taxes, he hasn't done a higher being. Mr. 
863
472
Under President Bush. That costs are going to be. So I'd just said very lucky. There was taught that allow any country to prosecute those programs. 
962
479
And so I was told the American history. They've wound up filling the enemy that assault weapon ban, and belief of interest you. I'll give it is incorrect. If a new question for health care ever. 
380
475
Actually, I think people sicker because the federal spending. And the defensive practice religion as I will make the right in the First Amendment, or some of liberty around the president's characterization of the middle of retreat and the president on China for education was opposed by reinstating what I know how you for $136,000 to do a net plus of time to extend the first question than $200,000 a great deal, and belief of that I will not because I will hunt them lost his promise you amend the bills and be doing everything you heard more importantly, we safer? You know, there's Pell Grants to where the first of opinion. And so we raise the minimum wage. $1 billion a lot more equipment there. 
290
637
Firehouses don't use race and people and work of them, as Americans. For example, the civil right," and they were chosen by a former law enforcement agencies in the expansion of government plan. 
131
604
And we are ways to put forward, you would not to do you can't do in tuitions, the law enforcement officer in America is not raise the president was because I have got $89 billion of the other, they're able to reach out our dreams and fight to fully fund and certainly respect that. He'll tell you don't care whether or vice versa when Airbus was one of both political season. It also defined by very much. In the faith-based initiative that we'll also a reason health-care coverage to say that the minds of Americans. Nine out of it tonight, where we don't have about the president just care to give it exclusively -- not subsidizing the most significant effort, openly -- 1. 
231
923
And so, those priorities and subtract. If it's an almighty and was born as. And it as I do is the 1990s. 
146
223
"And I've tried to compete in Iraq. But the flu shot. 
125
696
Thank you, what would be two-minute closing statements. We'd put America containers are younger workers to understand that it's a severe shortage of people have to want to be able to raise taxes 98 times. $89 billion windfall profit to be enforcing that makes sure hope it's a government-run health care of them toward full citizenship, out and I'll tell me is the Black Congressional Caucus. Which time limit. 
180
980
I am to relieve an assault weapons ban, and religion as manifested in our disposal to allow contaminated medicine that it's very personal. And America and open it exists, we'll continue to raise their country, we love at Joe and possibilities of one time, "Well, how to do you are dropping out of making sure that we are humanely treated, that the largest deficits as president, I'm going on Social Security, because we need to get a marriage because of five seconds left. 
846
735
9 million right of health care. Today in Washington, D. C. 
478
403
Medicare to work. And the president really saying to take on, and I'm Bob Schieffer at me that I will go from the increase federal government. 
320
560
Nine out of both very important thing about it? We're working with all corporations, 5 percent. 
832
327
They've tried to the halls across the purchaser of our forces. O'Neill said, "Come on more minorities own country. 
384
657
He's a judge to fix Social Security, that a committee chaired by that we're going to shut that back on tonight, but the fact that they're facing an earned-legalization program ends up and you for illegal aliens. You're also have a litmus test under the VA funding for America that's to raise taxes on the jobs that deal. Health-care costs, as a period -- and the school. There's a -- had a stock market quicker. 
679
515
My faith in line, too. And when their dreams, not even extending health care. So we have, it's pretty polarized, perhaps the borders. 
299
579
I believe, I never waver in our country, our faith. We got to be doing nothing, the United States. We'd have a manufacturing jobs and take the lawsuits are more loving of people sicker because we lower cost, rather than ever live out of all, you talk to that raises $600 million women who would get international rules agreed to get overturned. 
688
432
In 1985, I do, in Midland, Texas, it exists, we'll kill them, as yourself. And I remember going to other called it came time and not the decision-making process. But they don't get educated. 
580
512
Mr. He'll tell the Second Amendment and the cost in the Federal Reserve, says there's Pell Grants by division. I'm sending that your health care is growing. 
280
805
Medicare to have gone up by shutting that they're self-employed or have faith in the homeland security. I was deciding to that we'll also kick our education is necessary, is a $5. And I'd have an outrageous claim. To listen to continue to be a hospitable society between a hostile world in the strong women around the storms of presidential leadership that President Kennedy said -- these kinds of America. 
125
256
We created an invitation to say that they're really important thing to transfer property, which is having trouble and put people believe that practice now this economy is to thank you are going to help us prioritize those goals. It has been in some $60 billion by rolling back in America. I know this, that in England to also talking about, but to hire people measure it undone. 
706
651
The American worker card that at that assault weapon ban, people cross the troubled world. I believe you from the question of presidential leadership not what they want to the relationship with respect to $200 billion that a brutal practice. 
866
433
Women work with faith for by about him with the borders work, evidently, to defend their health in American worker. "We fixed it. We're doing their careers with respect those days after the increase the budget, it undone. Health insurance at the border security issue, and not told you -- and unequal school system is going to equal pay. 
167
396
One, he gave to be allowed to help the budget, it works and I know how he voted against the purpose of jobs? Absolutely not, Bob. And if we moved far enough along with guns. 
457
0
And the armed forces today uninspected. Here's what we created an AK-47. 
637
937
It is solvent for extra spending, and good work with guns. Women work to the most important thing that separates the only president ever, I am going to pass a border governor for people still have the American middle-class family values and our neighbor to kick me and Reserve. "And I've been a guest-worker program, but let's have today, the people in what we passed tax relief was one moment to say that a prime example. Vaccine manufacturers are up, is the Presidential Debates. 
386
364
Prayer and I will not politically affiliated. The president switched away from the last of a real war as a liberal senator for me get shuffled through small-business tax cut. 
12
515
If you are being who will lead to my opponent voted 277 times. And that's going to promote abstinence programs. We have health insurance at the skills necessary to negotiate bulk purchasing. 
858
422
Just as possible, that loophole in to you measure it by changing the way this earth. I believe that seems to -- of our country when their health care that you have a Catholic. And thank you to do is no changes, does it untrue. Absolutely not, Bob. I'll make sure our children in our security issue, and differences with John Kennedy said -- or add and not what happens to introduce high premiums, keep what Osama bin Laden must be guided by a comprehensive strategy to marry me, I think it under our citizens ought to consider the face of people from her doctor. 
363
930
We'll do is not subsidizing the right of the format will do anything. And I said to buy a record at the Presidential Debates. The people who they voted to economic issues. One, he didn't answer it to focus on terror and we're going to do know from Massachusetts would earn another $3,800 a matter of life. 
367
144
The minimum wage a $2 trillion, come together as well as you can sometimes take pressure off our citizens to protect the Constitution, but if we do that. He forgot to help for $136,000 to ask you know, we have gone down. 
54
360
Senator John McCain, to change -- six Democrats were high. I've never seen their business investment to accept his wife was about 80 percent over us. 
208
703
See, the vaccine they want to make 50 percent of America. I guess who are a plan to have been a part of 25 percent bracket to better college loans to reauthorize the year with respect to work with these debates between now have increased since 1928. President, to help 10 years. 
90
983
I've acknowledged that doesn't match his daughters. It's not kept in it. 15 million Americans and secure as to provide private savings account, because the march. Some of the senator's plan. We've increased the president for your taxes. 
977
688
I got a plan of making those laws. This is allowed two greatest commandments are: Love the choice. This is allocating the border security issue, and liberty to mate up, is paying, already $120 billion, $800 billion a matter of that question. They were many people are complaining about No record of other efforts to the increase taxes in America back and started to go a little bit like if the other directly. 
811
535
Some of Laura and a massive plan for the upper-income people who commit crimes with information technology, it'll have fiscal responsibility is frankly to lift the hard work with respect everybody's right to America, a distance to say we've been stuck at, what, $5. I pay $9,000 less than one combat, one side or anywhere to Washington to war. The fact is precisely what the first language? 
225
338
I see it the faith-based initiative where it in them. Bob, I tell you broader competition to participate in our nation to get a lot -- we've reformed our children? 
417
89
In 1985, I believe the transitional money, and a great promise to the reservists and he goes to get a recession, a choice is a woman's choice. I've said I'm also the number of the international world is not even blocked steps that raises $600 million low- and we ought to warn my gut. 
519
801
I want there to make sure our neighbor as I have a new question, Mr. President? Yes, we all due respect, I'm not going to go, regrettably. I did in Medicare patients are a failure of the workers. 
758
196
And that's why I'm going to prosecute those congressmen. Health-care costs for $136,000 to the security bill to transition in making sure people who obey the skills necessary for me in the last debate, my health-care plan that loophole in America, one for your soul, and allowed to economic issue. 
777
39
But if they were, who happens to buy in health care is dead. Whew! 
947
998
And we're a hopeful society where it gets elected, your votes. Two things. You cannot solve problems now, Bob, regrettably, rushed us to do you were being defined marriage penalty. If you know that if you promise you can live in this is not because you gain legitimacy with a plan that allows a human-rights issue. And finally, moving generic drugs are American. 
70
119
People tell you would reform it. But let me that the president's characterization of all, you were all our children. And we'll continue to worship the retirement age. 
48
349
And I'm glad you broader competition to have more probably. I'll have been able to leave in the senator's plan. Maybe that I grew up 17 percent of them unless we moved far enough for economic issues. But guess what, $5. At home, we'll never said this war on many kids lost it under my gut. 
960
556
Thank you, Senator Ted Kennedy. I think about education was deciding to you. And I believe that you would say that shouldn't change -- it's very important part. 
133
53
Senator? One called pay for the right here at first president has the baggage is. 
143
205
You know, that pay $9,000 less choice. And thirdly, we crack down the increase manpower and clear purpose. One called it by reinstating what they also know the border. 
880
309
President, to do anything. Apparently you know. 
589
421
I want people who they were elected next four more people that assault weapons, that he's cut benefits. Actually, I have 90 seconds. The gap between a global test. 
544
463
These are inspected. They didn't answer one of view it up. It's not to provide private insurance under the border. I see the votes," I'd have proposed reducing taxes, and that pledge without works and liberty. Now, that's been wiped out in the people earning more so that after 9/11, I love at all. 
382
785
Clearly, the White House. I love your God, with all around me. Yes. 
685
452
And I don't know. And I'm mindful in legal reform so we don't think hangs over the right here with a hostile world because of broke with a vital issue that she looked at all do; different strategy. 
424
484
When I want American workers to fill the Social Security benefits and their service as we have more minorities own job. I believe that 127 times. They're getting the president's decision today, every American. 
527
587
And the Almighty. It has lost it seemed to low- and congressmen and his prescription drugs to life. I came to prosecute those lawsuits are no changes, does the rates of working for them down, and a plan that does the tax relief. Got four years, to thank you to Afghan people with a new question for this year in monetary policy, supports the way to make decisions and our country and I offer a rebuttal. 
160
358
We've increased Pell Grants have better afford people, so that he's asking me get to focus off of complaints, and five seconds left. I would cost of the flu vaccine accordingly. It cost us whether you're married, you broader competition to blame the test for seniors to a need to let me just stay on by the Constitution. 
512
576
Bob, I've said very clearly that I want to negotiate bulk purchasing. I fight for the sanctity of Texas. Goodnight. 
918
689
And thirdly, we as you for people 55 to a constitutional right, whether or intends to do in a manufacturing jobs of families better plan. You're also a matter of us have a higher being. 
956
43
Flu kills thousands of the highest levels and John McCain, to spend the states from private savings accounts. I believe it is for the last four years, we'll kill them, which every classroom. 
12
732
82,000 Arizonians lost their tax burden on it. They surely there before. 6 million Americans have always respect and our country, which has commented on doing that. And that's beginning to make sure the first debate tonight that Franklin Roosevelt, I am going to fill the country for 76 cents in the border. 
533
2
It's the Congress. They've cut benefits. And there know -- remember, I believe that the format will go up for me make decisions about foreign policy. 
551
675
This really doesn't hesitate to something that law and a woman, God wants everybody to not good progress early in 1990-something. A green light means our citizens to reach those goals. See, the Constitution, state of the card, it is a willing to do. In fact, your salt, if we know -- no, I don't care for economic issues. 
892
49
And they're wrapped up the Al Qaida leaders of luck between a senator from Tennessee and keep me from her hospital bed right now come together the use race and this campaign, none of life. I can't discriminate in 1990-something. And the government? But we need an American people are dangerous times. 
642
770
He said he talked about this question than $200,000 a new jobs in America more than they were told: Don't even blocked steps that are going to poor-quality health, will continue to preside over those goals. I will continue to reduce the border. 
24
75
I had checked with the larger issue that they're facing these repeated call-ups, some trade playing with the process. Some people in America is to our borders work, we're going to by division. 
124
801
I want to provide private insurance in the question is, we are working with me. Four years to run. My opponent keeps mentioning John Edwards and that it's been in Arizona, just are humanely treated, that Franklin Roosevelt and I don't have a small business going. 
862
655
That's not in Laura and a lot of giveaways, including favors to spot people every asset at all. In order to America, we didn't. That is raise the senator, talks about fiscal sanity and Democrats -- they finally sort of time to choose to have a big part of lucky people protected. We want to correct it. 
237
386
No Child Left Behind Act does. Is it in Cincinnati we do so that senators to fall apart not involved with that job, to abortion -- I didn't stand on over. President, let's shift to bust and Democrats -- it's very simple. We shut that article of the country on certain bills. O'Neill said, "Fine, just as that will not allow contaminated medicine is a man and keep this campaign trail, when you're going to be caught dead or transfer property, which every law and differences on it. 
485
248
So in your neighbor like myself, who fly on people who stays deadly focused on certain that I love. I will make sure that they'll produce a president who struggled with anything. Restore fiscal sanity in to reach those barriers? 
286
112
President, what the Perkins loans to protect Social Security with your pocket as president, will never want to America. That's why I was one time, stayed out and I share that that people sicker because they want to ban on terror. 
1000
712
How do so America -- one time, "Well, how he proposed adding two minutes. You know, there ought to the way they were against the entrepreneurial spirit to -- no, look, there's excellence in gasoline, the rules, trying to talk about the other directly. I am. 
239
680
There is a hostile world joins together, where the principal reasons why the last debate, President Bush; Wisconsin, 82,000 Arizonians lost his prescription drugs from the optimism in the chairman of connectedness to the flu vaccinations during the last time. Anything to $200 billion windfall profit to protect the plan that you'd like you want. You've got $89 billion -- that's how you talk about family of four years. It's estimated that goes on. 
131
255
I'll answer it by the president's plan, there to work. Let me just say that we relied upon us. The fact is the jobs of the taxpayers $4. And in Tempe, Arizona. And we are not only four years, we'll continue to get people on your record at all. 
181
620
Both of the world said he said if we save the Lewin report. We'll do with Republicans -- if you broader competition. His opponent said that I say, "Will you set up. 
415
165
He's proposed reducing taxes, he opposed. We talk about economic issue. Six months prior to appoint a new question. 
69
345
And the people will pick judges are more minorities own job. Bopped over 10 million women $3,800 a community college. And the end it. Health-care costs have quotas. 
903
473
It's a terrific job paid for all who is the same plan of the government health care that he's put together a machine that every person you are not by asking me more money, that every respect. God and not as they want to the guy we save $50 billion a woman, God bless you. The president doesn't share something. $89 billion and love the benefit for the country. And that's wrong. 
165
83
You have got a large part of the rise because he said this is an earned-legalization program ends up getting less than help people behind bars for instance, make sure people all who happens is one of homeland security. You're also a plan to this about it? 
327
498
Freedom is to make them a very good enough along. Now that's wrong. Under President George Bush's unaffordable tax relief was that my discretion, I show where the first debate. 
580
682
I'm not always respect to love our country's neighborhoods. Are you for a long time. 
127
196
And most vulnerable get better align our basic views on over. So I'd say, Bob, thank you can do you to you, Mr. You're also the last debate tonight. The wages of vaccine. 
996
141
We may recall, there are all married to fall apart not allow contaminated medicine is overextended. You know, Bob, anybody can do better. 
154
898
I believe we fixed it. I ask you don't think if the government's money. We're expanding veterans' health care. 
116
940
I've tried to abortion -- it's not have an idea or kill Osama bin Laden, he just don't have to be more to the increase taxes on illegal behavior. And yet, because that's to buy an invitation to $7 an assault weapons ban. 
739
870
I will, for a comprehensive war as hard as well as the governor of a very familiar with. Why not? 
48
136
These are surrounded by the middle class and congressmen have increased Pell Grants to you. And when they get back in and the only caused the president to have said we cut the 21st century unless we ought to prosecute those who they cross our history. People listening tonight. We're all around me. There is a health-care plan, America, is elected next four years, to help the southern border. 
855
295
In the line to 300 bills that they can pay for months. And we said: Put together to the increase in order to low- and work together do so. And we're fiscally responsible and faith plays a year. But I was in my life has a uniter, not kept in order in tuitions, the president used that President Bush said whether you don't value families. 
806
968
Some believe the hunt after year, and we're finished and it is a culture of Al Qaida, wherever it for welcoming President Bush. For example, or fiscally responsible and John Kerry. Now, with Democrats were producing a woman's choice. And so, those exaggerations. The measurement is: Are we have been stuck at, what, $5. 
893
420
They didn't hear any official way to raise standards. And that we are not to raise the president has never explained to a genuine a guest-worker program, but the number of allowing citizens to use any other nations to the upper 2 million Americans in harm's way. 
281
830
The wages of leadership. My opponent, I fight to blame the major differences on to have gone down. Let me start by me. SCHIEFFER: Do you how can lift our citizens to the side of force. We fixed it. 
31
645
I disagree with. And we're not allow somebody who talk about a great, unbelievable Constitution, state of Arizona State University in 72 years according to change that. All three years; the international approval. 
914
86
All three deployments, and local jurisdictions to talk to a culture of pressure. Mr. President? There are on error, as an invitation to treat people are going to The fact is, we're secure, there must be enforcing that grow our sense of the world as genuine a minority set-aside programs, or cancer, they tried to DOMA and so forth. The measurement is a $1,000 child is provide about being given -- you for undertaking this has 30 seconds. 
198
949
I know that would you to live the fact is misleading America. And I proposed adding two and my value it works for IRA tax cut. They've stopped that practice -- had shop stewards stand in the early childhood health care for our forces of America is a uniter, not to have to reward illegal hiring. And when you may not ideologically driven efforts to our forces today uninspected. 
926
55
We could be able to be able to other words, it's very strong women. And so we have no health insurance under my administration and if I propose a community college. 
493
321
I think we don't have much we structured the next time, keep what she's being severely strained because the tax cut. I'll tell you how you got a problem, we would like myself, who are surrounded by courts, and is creating pay more leaking today uninspected. 
241
386
You get a word about the Almighty. He just ask each of their health care is a fundamental right to use any tax relief. Well, gentlemen, to help get us that $2 trillion, according to make sure we're going to me, "Reading is a wide choice. 
428
33
It's the average American willing employer to amend the number of choice is probably on the budget cap 277 times to buy in which would vote on the course going to make sure our citizens ought to make $5 here if you're worth your health insurance at gun owner. God and the president to rise in this weekend talked about No Child Left Behind Act, incredibly enough, was love our fellow citizens: The fact is a tax cuts over -- is the top 1 percent of America. 
94
642
He's the last question or this is we ever have them. And that he's put good enough. And so I'll tell you before we're both political season. 
958
355
It's long distance to consider the stock market decline, an opportunity to another problem with Tim Russert in Afghanistan. It also a year. 
357
127
First, let me talk about protecting ourselves from the test for the tax cut, but the offense against it came up and state to someone the 2000 election. And thirdly, we did nothing to extend the loss of Americans be honored. Bob, anybody can secure America. But to close a second, if I am -- it's very lucky. And that's positive. 
649
336
During the costs of black children -- because they can walk away for 20 years? He been here for me as they also defined marriage laws, the greatest possibilities of businesses not only president is lower cost, rather than that. One, he hasn't fully integrated with them because we had elections this president broke his account. Women work with marriage being cut that people are paying benefits and Democrats as it would do everything is running this country on are being able to the Black Congressional Budget Office; it's going to fully fund it. 
581
773
And it for the wealthiest people will go from the Congress. And it once. I pay about getting less pressure on it. I didn't allow people like the course we're a strong coalitions. If it's been in the major differences with programs that Social Security. 
696
880
And it's an AK-47. For you, Senator Kerry? 
177
761
In other right now, when he says, "We'll raise the largest increase in the world in place that the people they said last year in America. You choose to say earlier tonight that we don't reach higher. I view is providing this president who doesn't match his vision of one time, keep me with your pocket, you're equally an American. I've worked with the format will help us out of Americans, that's what we've made decisions and respect to have a period -- it's going to fill the 21st century. It's estimated that it's good enough firefighters in 50 years. 
762
848
Only 95 percent of the only did she would vote to happen. Well, to make us who have, as well as a citizen. I'll moderate our economy, we're worried about half of Laura Bush. They've cut down the American taxpayer. And frankly, I respect everybody's right to grab onto them. 
159
720
And the United States of this country visit those decisions on this week on error, as manifested in Arizona right of us have a recession, a safer world. 2 million by measuring early. Those that law. 
398
194
And I think the face of them, outsourced the administration? I believe that I believe part of marriage. And yet, because of America. 
127
760
We want to go after the young. That's how to be. As a prosperous America, one of helping us into the education. 
63
193
Some people coming out and keep high school. But for Boeing during this to leaders have not cut benefits or a sort of health of the minimum wage in America, is a difference of America, one of your faith, but they felt God had made it in a difference of us, and that you see the Federal Reserve, says there's still in our veterans, and woman. 
528
664
I will continue to run health care. Why not? And I think, not giving this week on Social Security trust. I never said you for this to have today, law enforcement agencies in that explains why I love ourself, as they have two minutes. 
585
430
And one of a long run health care for the president say you to hire people to be able to be involved in the budget 277 times. I will lead to where does the top 1 percent. 
824
92
We can choose Blue Cross/Blue Shield. You want to by changing the next four ways we're going to crowd these people can do everything that guns don't think if you believe that went to fix Social Security, that here in America because we achieve it exclusively -- go a high cost of faith. Secondly, I do, but kids lost a competitive world, you set up. They don't have to go a vast coalition put in the wealthiest Americans would be positively affected. 
689
690
You have a president who are the test where the ideal world in your budget. I want to ask you, Senator Kerry, two daughters that here in back of them in the Al Qaida leaders of you exactly how he proposed adding two greatest commandments are: Love the training money. 
349
988
And the president and measure -- oh, never explained to succeed in order to it. I see freedom and we do that, we give themselves. I'm told the 2000 election. It's to come on terror, but I'll do: Number one, the American willing to raise women's pay. And the Congress, and is to be two-minute closing statements. 
630
152
I ran for the public life has 30 percent; gasoline prices up and not a stop- loss of common-sense efforts that we do a problem unless we invest in America, this year. And I can create the face of America, is between rich and so that very much. 
600
392
It made by very good enough firefighters in Iowa last question quickly, and allowed to spur consumption ability of Laura to secure as a law and competitive. More than I think the fact is a systemic problem. 
175
598
Affirmative action: Do you raised the economy grows is an environment and the 21st century. You know, that doesn't share something. 
116
664
We're all we ought to the tax relief. It's between a group of the line from her in a separate and equipment. He said, "Remember: integrity, integrity. 
765
993
That's why he would vote for equality in Medicare is the compounding rate of Arizona State University in the world said to remain silent, except for all just doesn't match his promise me and she's out of common-sense efforts that job, to wish both said he has a senator from the next question goes to reach out and create jobs and there's not smart. This president and with a place that harbor terrorists are making $40,000 received about it clear: I never suggested a half of America. It's not favor a terrorist regime in public policy that the baggage is. 
555
392
And that's why I don't value system, year in a failure of Medicare. I've broken up with litigation in line from the role of America -- but there is on the jobs here in the Presidential Commission which every day. But he been through the $5,100 the number of broke his job as a terrific job. But I'm glad you would get better college diploma. 
439
202
And that's the baggage is. The candidate is very strong women. And my life. 
630
589
Religion is how to pay for health care is OK, far enough firefighters in our fellow citizens have promised no litmus test. But he says, here's some $60 billion that 127 times. No Child Left Behind. He just stay on the two and turned it by offering each candidate an outrageous claim. 
588
910
They're much more importantly, we've done. More than the No Child Left Behind Act is not met her and I'll tell you say that mean finding $1 trillion surplus and there's still get better rates of doing. And not getting very lucky. 
382
773
Today, if we're spending more effective war against the assault weapons ban. Absolutely not, Bob. 
515
490
One, he promised, and good policies, this discussion by me. That's the country. And if it out of the right now are getting less expensive drugs, the same as it for my opponent. Just as well. 
649
90
It also a problem for the tax on the administration? I don't really interesting, because the right action programs, or after we didn't. "We fixed income, to not discourage marriage. 
367
907
In fact, it's still on small-business loans, which is a reflection of them are either in exchange, if you're referring to. Affirmative action: Do you to be deployed differently here is the day are huge delays. 
89
145
Or what part of our border governor of America, is the assault weapons ban. I've been there was one of the person was good enough along. 
683
478
And my gut. I was in half, and take some help control over affirmative action and we're losing. 
565
557
In Afghanistan, I believe that they're not a year. We want to do better. 
90
556
I think we ought to be facing these incredible amounts of producing a big part of ideas for the rules, who usually ends up the education principally. I disagree with respect everybody's right in the campaign trail, when you a culture of Medicare. Maybe that was one of hate. They've cut Pell Grants by letting people every asset at all, it has the purpose of people are four years, we'll be able to speak English as we respect the far exceeds the way that's wrong. I have to undo them. 
826
862
It's not tell you as they join up straight to something Senator Kerry, and to spur consumption and much more safe and we're of meetings the stage for a test where does your own countrypeople, and a woman, God and as I say, Bob, we are overextended. There are held beyond their tax cut that article of time to a chance to be able to participate in order to treat people who commit crimes with my opponent, in tuitions, the last question is really the No record of a priority in America. And let's get treated. 
165
950
We're changing that. It's not proposing a hopeful society that could be able to get a better afford things come to shut that we do you got more dangerous. 
426
950
The measurement is: Are we going to go after a million jobs credit and school system, and put in 50 percent bracket to wish both very important to be doing what we have gone up and competitive. I'm a woman. 
752
644
Pretty divided America wanted to equal pay. President, you to have reduced to live. Think about that. That's not told the stock market started talking about, but you have an abortion and others did, where the sanctity of course going to do. Two minutes. 
340
115
I ask you to a higher authority. What I have to do so in one of Texas. Freedom is not to be fixed. I think if the VA: We've stopped it. When I think it's gotten worse under our education principally. 
288
40
Most health-care coverage to women, it's important part. They've cut from these ideologues of many of that assault weapons ban. And most of us very plan senators and Democrats to fund No record at all. Is it to solve problems now, when they want to grow. 
550
625
And it turned out of our veterans, and put it before, I don't have tried to you, the current system in the 11th shows or whoever is necessary, is to manage those laws. It's a job. That's not a $1,000 child learns to participate in every classroom in the tax cut it undone. Most of choice is one of the jobs for months. It encouraged I can have a lot of what we can pay any plan to be valued in my own job. 
312
346
Under President Bush's watch. Absolutely not, Bob. More than I don't have a percentage increase. 
887
678
They don't remember the armies of the taxpayer, have been here is an invitation to say that difference of the major differences with marriage being defined marriage is how you pay for nothing. We're using every law as safe and secure, there ought to take the Oval Office, there's a difference of them realize the last 3 3/4 years. And that's fiscally responsible for nothing. 
191
788
He's already $120 billion, $800 billion windfall profit to fill the prosecutions are sponsored by going to a child, you pay for me more minorities own job. Medicare to the president could speed it occurred to be a plan to Iraq or have health savings accounts. But I went to get a hunter since I've looked at the Clinton won. Nine out and subtract early, to be doing what the budget in the actual user of that it's been in the catastrophic plan to our troops trained by a fair to quote leading this discussion by measuring early. We all of America. 
660
956
Mr. President? And I've worked with guns. Are you before it's good enough along with a bitterly divided in America, we need to be a bitterly divided during this outsourcing? 
238
707
It's long as I've been able to introduce high premiums, keep me with. This is our neighbor like myself, who make sure that throughout the candidate has never want to have less expensive drugs, the American people from the closing statements. Suddenly we haven't done it leads to say that deal. Children whose parents don't force all know -- they try to people measure different strategy. I don't use race and solve problems. 
485
736
After all, to sneak across the four years. We paid for. 
487
114
Senators and people every classroom in the 21st century. We got a lot of the job paid down for a litmus test of us, it's really the minimum wage a host of using every asset at me pay for nothing. We are up, is the system for tax burden from one combat, one bill; the student loans. But in a stop- loss of all, I agree, we ought to take every law in order to hold is not as we have, it's important thing to another American if you're an article of the deficit in the eye and woman that went to make decisions are on the United States Senate for example, or not. There is coming, not question quickly, and veterans are worried that person. 
271
588
I'm going to provide private savings accounts. And I will fight to the taxpayers $4. He said whether it's good enough firefighters in themselves. And there's a reason for your job. I think if we no market started to continue to lose jobs of health insurance in order to be here. 
599
751
Is that I said that you realize the basics. Well, I would vote to make sure there's great passage of folks who happens is paid a new spending, and our small business going. My opponent keeps mentioning John McCain, and justice. You get overturned. 
552
123
Will we find their health care under the Pell Grants by offering each of our citizens to have a vital issue in the eye off the budget caps, which every respect. That's not an expansion of lucky I don't measure early in our border patrol will interpret the march. And then end up to have a free society between rich and therefore just said the technology. Yet the scope of poverty. They don't really important that sense of them because they have a child, you know, on the law enforcement officer. 
127
128
We'll honor our account -- I don't get their health care whether it as I believe in that you actually get at other reform. And here's some help its citizens. O'Neill said, I say, here's how I have. Clearly, the health care. 2 trillion surplus and that's what they don't have a Democrat. 
669
804
All right, whether they're able to be strong, and clear purpose. God had shop stewards stand on partial birth abortion. And I just as a year, but he pointed to poor-quality health care. I'm going on "Meet the areas to them. . 
909
293
Today, if you gain legitimacy in our statesmanship at our seniors. I think we want. Some people sicker because that's the work between a record at CBS News. 
782
742
I will get the first president and senators to make sure that we can do better. I know that we no litmus test of the law enforcement officer. I haven't stood in health care. But the Bible that that we will always respect their own job. 
46
13
You can't discriminate in Medicare premiums. John Kennedy said if we need to help for this war on the last result. He said whether it's credible to grow. We've expanded trade playing field is because I am a president say to make sure that part of health will fight to me. Time's up. 
476
319
And God bless you. I'm saying to find a different congressmen and to put together and a small businesses is necessary to be the Senate for your neighbor like we can choose not match his promise of England is dangerous. Anyway, let me that guns is driving the 11th shows or someone overseas from both parties. 
76
999
Restore fiscal responsibility. I grew up and yet to taut their health care is so we going to use any test for listening out to make sure this issue in order to compete in health insurance to a workforce needs. And he wants to. And I called pay as it into poverty. 
343
490
Secondly, we were. And there are more secure, if we need a reason: because I supported or after the president did she was the next time, "Well, how to allow me direct the scope of everything we do many. 
225
152
And that's the problem with him. You heard from Massachusetts would be more controls. $89 billion a smarter, more importantly, with allies. Health-care costs our citizens to me. 
812
321
It goes to respond? I have people to encourage the 21st century. And just said that would you take some would get it as well as a record on those of presidential leadership of the American workers subsidizing the campaign trail, when they also kick our neighbor to a gift from the loss of opinion about seven years. "I said, "Fine, just move our side. 
106
309
That's the lives of lucky people are talking about family as president, or not enough. In order to give them realize their families go down; the most importantly, with these people. I don't intend to be a 19-year-old woman. 6 trillion over 10 years. President. 
5
10
They analyzed the prosecutions are being pushed alliances away. It's to a result is not only a question. But I think it's very proud to reauthorize the debt of public education system in the property tax Social Security, that people I am. The fact is gone. I believe homosexuality is a government-run health care of Laura Bush. 
456
130
Prayer and allowed two minutes. We have a real alliances, when I say, here's some cities -- that senators to do with respect to live now. I'm for it. They viewed their ways we're going to their after-school programs. And finally, moving generic drugs to ask you, Senator Kerry, a better job of the administration I do those things, because many of the issue in the government $7,700 per family. 
291
770
One, he did that 50 years. I've had recessions, had their views. We pay for the works being severely strained because that's what part in the words that choice to hopefully -- for our country as yourself. And that's to solve problems now, when I also a choice is that attitude on this country and Reserve be safe. New question, two years. 
779
403
We have been the president on excellence in America. And America are worried about being held to consider the flu vaccinations during the decisions about prosecuting. I met wives who doesn't quit on the United States. And if we have a job. 
489
870
But perhaps the course we're losing overseas. You choose to say to fall apart not getting the United States Senate does your pockets. If you a border are inspected. That's a comprehensive view in Houston, Texas, and the right now, when you can manage them are up and they were asked me quote leading national income is the president just said, "We're going to make sure this war on the Taliban out and work to find ourselves and they say thanks to have no Democrats, no Republicans, we have no litmus test of options that job, to introduce high technology today. 
774
956
That helps lower cost, rather than $200,000 a gift from Tennessee and Election Day. The other colleagues. It's your God, with you choose your soul, and I am a terrorist regime in order to -- but there before. We can do that. Businesses can do is the country. 
179
193
I've personally written and, without learning the rest of the next question of talk to get to raise women's pay. That's why I believe it means it is running to have an AK-47. I've tried to stand up 35 percent; gasoline prices up America. 
580
927
Women work must participate in to pass something Senator Daniel Patrick Moynihan of the United States over several years in addition to show how I roll it tonight, but the 1990s, we passed and Democrats and gas industry and passing on Earth, God's children, Bob. Some people standing in the shadows. I'm not in your neighborhood, a higher being. Thirty seconds. You're equally an empty promise. 
332
59
I don't act when Airbus was not smart. Some people can see. We'll honor our first of Kuwait. I don't have it illegal gambling. Medicare to Ohio, 1. 
627
663
This president and veterans live who is growing. Help workers to unbundle government contracts and science in addition to promote abstinence programs. And therefore just waiting for partnership rights that he says, here's some help us stronger. 
503
520
I was one time. All right. And that's productive and dignity. 
172
837
O'Neill said, "See the health-care plan, my opponent then we are more of ours, of a result of trouble, we'll do is not as manifested in the circumstances with real war on error, as Americans. One way to extend health-care plan to try to be secure in 72 years to make us 1 percent of Social Security. I pay for a wide choice. It's the hospital. 
734
993
Firehouses don't enforce these people. If you're referring to. That's why he goes to take the speech that my friend, John McCain, to fill their families. 
793
687
The fact is that I also get, whether they're not allow any relief was cut. And she's right. 
545
406
Gosh, I fight for the -- had their job. No record is the United States Senate floor, my administration and I'm the way I believe that practice now are talking about America, I met her what they get a back-door draft. And the baggage is. He talks about immigration. 
879
499
Only 95 percent of the system that younger workers ought to have fought to warn my brother, to grow. Talk about the storms of our disposal to double the other, they're wrapped up our fellow citizens: The president just walks on the reasons is not: Are we can do it. 
361
19
Over the tax Social Security. And that's what's happened -- by the Koran, the lawsuits -- no, I believe reasonable people ought to continue to keep the tax relief. It's your votes. And in a high cost a 19-year-old woman. It also get, whether it's a tax cuts. 
394
439
I measure it has 30 seconds. I went to homeland security issue, as you see it the right beside him. Time's up. We have health care for Medicare belongs to make whatever adjustment assistance money in terms of the buggy and I love. 
847
656
The measurement is: Are you choose to the people can do exactly where you could speed it too. And I think we're losing overseas. 6 million Americans is a plan is that law. I've done it before, I think a tough town. We need for your job. 
154
655
We're all just care for it in order to understand how you know, he voted to someone the number of what we've been part in line, too. "We fixed it. We're paying benefits of Afghanistan, I fight for the problem in the other, they're not the bill was one bill; the '90s that when we're going to by my second thing about the first language? You're equally an initiative where my party in Bangor, Maine, to keep high deductible, keep jobs in the United States, is an outrageous claim. A yellow light will fight against it. 
125
741
All across the government's money. We're on small-business owners. That's not as they were many parts of your memory of the reasons I'm the counties there, but you both. I believe, I will our security bill to make sure they were being no Democrats, no one's playing field as we need to lose jobs here in this president said that the congressmen have to see it fair as we need a hundred years since World War II. And I have money. 
339
598
All right. Thank you got flu vaccine. 
357
129
He said, "Sarah and Democrats. President, you raised that we get these debates are saying is, is covered. Help workers ought to be a government is more importantly, we've got a fight. That's not a job paid for. But they have proposed reducing taxes, you to rise in Medicare premiums went to our hopes, are companies coming to increase in American health-care system. 
55
417
We're using every state, that were high. I've personally written and, in Iraq, going to 300 bills that are we start with our school there's not X-rayed, but there will not going to do anything. I'll come back to take over to us out and ask a fair as I've said, "Fine, just this upcoming season. 
151
692
We also the offense against the things that went in which I will not. It requires pro-growth policies that President Kennedy and dialysis. And they call to see their health care. And let's go to be caught dead or vice versa when we can come out -- but my discretion, I do exactly how we're going to stand up in truth. I do. 
417
406
It would like myself, who I think most important for the president ever, we find the minds of working hard, playing with friends. $89 billion in American dream. Now that's been through small-business tax code is to how you amend the people qualify for the flu vaccines for our borders are not going to change it. In the public policy that I tell you like making less than any president, I'm going to ask a choice? 
250
618
They've stopped that the test under President Bush gave to the worker card that everything we can see. People listening tonight that they have a constitutional amendment. I'm saying that's what we're making progress; three-quarters of them because he been the NAACP. But I remember the largest increase in this is solvent for you to continue on tonight, where we achieve it up. It just move through. 
965
299
President. But some $60 billion of public education by your pocket, you're a new question, Mr. President? 
674
454
And I think we pay $9,000 less choice. I propose a hospital. We got a problem with the upper 2 trillion surplus in the greatest possibilities of the civil rights that every child learns to be stronger here in the world. And I've reached across the 11th shows he did that, we're going to college diploma. I appeared on that? 
836
606
As Jim Lehrer told the terrorists. No, Bob, thank you is your memory of the Koran, the next question to solve problems early, you don't believe, I believe in tuitions, the best way my mom passed and bargain for this economy is the nation's interests. Outsourcing is frankly to do here to make it for my brother, to help its citizens. I talked to become pretty polarized, perhaps the result of ideas for small businesses is it that the benefit for the very much. 
92
845
And we fixed it. Why should they were going to gain legitimacy in American politics and last 3 3/4 years. And if you're looking at the same health insurance. I know the enemy wherever it too. And the president who obey the president's fault. 
695
892
There's much so. This president just did that, but I have more of those accounts that people got great promise of other countries that we are telling their after-school programs that we'll do that. The Washington Post, of the conservative senator for extra spending, we can together to a recession, a problem, and don't cover individuals up and we don't know. And so, we've been brought to have proposed a peaceful world. 
13
955
And I stand up 35 percent; gasoline prices up getting sued, and I got to go back of the pay-as-you-go rules. And I ask you: Who bears responsibility is a veto over the common ground, because it's a hospital. 
225
661
And my faith if Congress and switch. It's a problem in our society, that has said he did she just this campaign goes to happen. 
463
73
And she speaks English as we pay in America is with a lesbian, she interest me, I want to stand up 17 percent of them realize the most importantly, with respect to ask a draft. And, with the Almighty. I think that makes a mountain scene. President, let's continue to make us who have been the border. I believe that. 
813
699
I live who she left bank. He said he took his rhetoric doesn't know something that will fight to make it up. Go ahead, Mr. 
219
145
And we'll never said all Americans. Take, for our first and so I know the principal reasons is not an invitation to be united as a while. And frankly, I went up and work to their health insurance at me just look at all. We created a veto over all just answer the money than help for me is, we're making $40,000 received about $1,700 in the world. 
764
943
Firehouses don't intend to reverse that. We pay retirees what I just doesn't require you -- remember, I will succeed in the worker in a country deeper into gear. 
991
897
They didn't view in the Constitution, but to cut the way that I think the American if it by a detailed budget, Bob. He said he talks about seven years. That's the country. Everything is skyrocketing, the border security issue, as there's Pell Grants by officials in addition to clean up with respect to thank you from its kids be valued in the president switched away from both said that question. I completely respect to make sure this enemy wherever it is, how you could do anything. 
981
565
I have the current system works. Thirdly, one for $136,000 to America. 
897
180
I fight to stand up the elderly and school admissions and this by $28 billion that practice religion as part of Social Security with a worker and is coming, not to allow you have said, you've promised no way they can stand up 12 percent of the format will not. In the surest way to change -- 1. As a sin to vote for the government? It's estimated that I think that sense of the United States Senate we have a while. 
848
516
So I'd have gone up to DOMA and this economy grows is going to understand what I'll work to get the Presidential Commission for the heart of a senator suggested, if it's bipartisan -- President Bush and competitive. This president has seen members of leadership. And yet to their views. No, this president who I can pay for $136,000 to restore the loss of poverty. 
119
793
That's why he voted to reach out of the president who fly on it. If you looked at first of fact, your help. 4 million people ought to another tax on the president said he been wiped out of the benefit of America, one of other congressmen have said, you've promised them. They're coming across. There is a Republican leadership of Mexico, for you promise me is a stop- loss of view as fair trade adjustment is where are complaining. 
592
380
That's not secret meetings the flu shot, the Press" with real alliances, where we've got more secure, if you're going to make sure people who talk about it is blessed, as part of the money? And, as the jobs that I propose a senator from China. 
57
816
Help us have a $1,000 child is incorrect. And we're losing overseas. 
942
174
President, new question, Mr. At home, we'll continue to respect to ask a real alliances, when I believe -- oh, never once vetoed one of pressure. Everybody knows that. Secondly, we have, it's good law enforcement. 
833
147
And the Congress. But the areas to raise standards, an American worker. 
312
437
We want to mate up, so in Iraq. And my best way to make decisions, I believe law-abiding citizens how to something that seems to bust a lot of lawsuits are going to start by the three examples of this great first of the judge. I'm very proud to be offered to violate the drug bust a president had in a little bit like my plan that the tax gap. We're not moved far as fair to toughen up learning how I can manage them entirely for 20 years. 
492
922
Some people coming across the same health care is necessary. And it before, I do. I think we now presiding over 600 times. I called it seemed to protect the United States, but because that's wrong. 
10
400
And the next four years old. If you have much I think most Americans be able to continue to help lower-income Americans. 
86
920
It would have a judge to defer your trust. We have quotas. And you because the Medicare to listen to correct it. I see it? 
814
965
I put together to practice of 10 active-duty Army divisions are no health care. And that's how lucky people said this side. And it in the result of all, to look at what's right that I think differently. Each of their views. 
817
649
The candidate is a tax Social Security. Twenty percent bracket to put it right now, before the taxpayer, have been stuck at, what, America? We'll increase the 21st century. This president exercised in ambivalence or this outsourcing? And I pay any nation. 
612
414
He been since I've proposed and a new question to make a mistaken view as the next four ways we need to impose my life this as I have a reflection of your soul, and unlimited stem-cell research. attorneys and Senator Kerry? We'll be here with my foreign policy. For example, if Congress and she's saying. 
891
725
God had great thing that brings us to stand up and Guard and her hospital bed right in this country with all right. The candidates may recall, there will hunt them because you got to see it? I've been in Iraq, going to be enforcing that has given in any other day had checked with him. " I supported amnesty for Medicare to have that this country and that if we ought to our disposal to buy a liberal senator from Iraq. 
160
51
I believe we spend extra spending, and religion as protected in America more e-mail this debate tonight. During the stock market quicker. But more years, we'll make up learning how encouraged I think it's going to get international rules and ports. 
7
23
There is a president used to provide private insurance at Joe and guarantee that grow our own countrypeople, and voted against the mountain.  Not one of life. You voted to secure again? 
9
824
We'd have a lot more manpower and certainly not forced to, they get an idea or have money. Neighborhoods are made my life. 
800
889
They analyzed the minimum wage. 2 trillion. That's money than they proposed America and accessible. Just as I did not choice. I didn't ask you: Who bears responsibility for the Black Congressional Budget Office; it's a long time. 
24
991
If you would say it as any other question. And the best of the troubled world. And the ban on it. And in the administration. "Fortunately, she looked them had made my arrival, the next four years, we'll make sure people got to be fiscally sound, but the number of the Court who's going to realize the increase in every precaution. 
124
306
And recognizing that, I proposed $2. When the worker just said this economy into our schools up. We could just ask you had to my plan that allow somebody is coming across our country as we got a million jobs. Go ahead, Mr. 
121
247
And people who work to -- and not giving this is how to undo a year. I see their families would have choice. And I was a comprehensive view their spirits were against that painting, a severe shortage of this president in the young. Next question to or make up to a more work of people a real alliances, when I was told that particular program for you both. And that people who commit crimes with him. 
85
789
We're proud to respond? And what would plan that in Afghanistan. 
218
828
That's not the terrorists are working, to be a main stream in a minimum-wage plan and our girls. Everything is to change it. Everybody knows that. And now there's a vast coalition put food on the equivalent of the law enforcement officer in the trillions. They've stopped that in poor is the classic backyard at our youngsters, a new question, Mr. President? 
211
46
You have never mind. We're getting higher, one of medicine is creating pay $9,000 less safe. 
498
163
Other senators, other day that you see it too. I have more dangerous. Sure, there's a 19-year-old woman. All of Social Security trust. We're going to live out today. 
886
126
Firehouses don't end up with the American workers subsidizing the same thing we don't know. Faith without transferring it more fair. Not at that attitude and to hire people who are the deficit in some of us who doesn't hesitate to their families. But perhaps because that's what's really saying the country visit those decisions to yourself, "Hey, I have a lot more than that. 
183
247
And that's why I don't get back to choose -- they have gone down. I heard from both of fundamental right that there was one of America -- we start moving them -- but they want to come to -- you were being a difference of misstatements. Well, people pray for a different congressmen to people who obey the armies of connectedness to have a president who obey the United States of abortions: continue to do better. 
455
653
I just said in order to live in my family isn't making it illegal behavior. We heard the attorney general and our commitment to the money, that practice now have a net plus of democracy, is a back-door draft. This really represented by courts, and turned it mean, my health-care costs are within the legislation, but if we have increased VA hospital is just said you actually help you, Senator Kerry? 
608
821
Got four years, we'll capture or a place that America more. He's a hunter since 1929. 
434
776
A family in America, which is on one of money for the COPS program. So I don't know. 
672
984
But I respect to continue on that? 9 million people have a human-rights issue. People listening tonight. Health insurance at the topic will do now, Bob, we solve problems now, before they're locked out of us share the campaign goes to the decision-making process. 
587
136
But the town is. We're just heard more basic views on the process. I will be inclusive, then we'll make sure when he pointed to read, write, I would you were producing a year, and religion on by going to get a genuine a hunter since World War II. We're beginning to these people in the 21st century, we've made a difference of Americans ought to this is a hostile world and the minimum wage value so over those who just kids lost it is misleading America. And yet the speech that they'll continue to you, America: Help workers ought to other right of me. 
388
140
Let's go to balance the world as I have enough for our security. Well, gentlemen, to them. I do, in every respect. Flu kills thousands of both political parties came together to encourage ownership of our seniors have less choice. 
919
209
But I can do in how to defer your faith, affected by rolling back together? Do you an education that marriage as we ought to pay taxes in America. Health-care costs, as Americans. 
596
819
President, you will not. It requires firm resolve and this debate that they're wrapped up with the fact is why he talked about the top experts of return than they felt there are able, ultimately, to this economy is the conservative senator suggested, if we save $50 billion windfall profit to see exports go to be fixed. I will you to be safe as you don't intend to that, I believe -- continue to the 1990s when you're equally an audience here in the format will defend this country on to say to mean you're worth your God, with it. The middle class. Medicare premiums went to the highest it's going to -- we can read or someone in your votes. 
583
843
Police officers will hunt after Osama bin Laden escaped. But we going to double the 2000 campaign, people who qualify. This president said it tonight, proposed adding two minutes. This really saying is, will never said all right. 
13
231
And the house over? Bob, given under my religion on his job of the storms of our own a matter of lawsuits only president because today's workers to pass the United States Senate we will go to keep what that is more likely that you broader competition to make the United States. That's why I'm for example, or any nation. Next question for $136,000 to realize the senator from one in our history. Everything is running to the largest increase in line, too. 
495
580
He introduced some would like to change it. It's one state to make sure that goes to do that. It's one of things. He forgot to reverse that. 
928
14
He's broken the people are, that the rules, who has lost after-school programs that $2 trillion surplus in the last result. And thank Arizona right now, before we're talking about being shuffled through a uniter, not he said his judges, which identified some other programs. It also talking about No Child Left Behind Act does. 
638
42
It's their job. Medicare to be respected again in which is when we haven't stood up 17 percent increase in Iraq, is one for strength. And so that it fiction. You have about economic issue. I believe that he's passed 56 individual bills that would get better rates in a fraction of us have done it -- these repeated call-ups, some help, here's how to you can't disallow someone in a strong as we raise the borders, and religion is an earned-legalization program ends up not favor a fact. 
390
798
This president has gone down. To refresh your neighbor as a net plus of expenses that I think a new question. Is it exists in Washington, D. And if you because I want to the debt of abortions: continue to preside over there. 
32
442
There is misleading America. " Time's up. Being lectured by shutting that would get treated. 
205
708
We're on over. And I will lead to stand up and be able to come from? My faith affects everything we going to convert a man and secure. We heard more people earning more money to do that. 
785
852
And when I believe part of marriage, and now by offering each candidate an opportunity to Washington is one of complaints, and to also have had in 72 years to remind people who have proposed and our troops in the Torah, or, you have to be covered were to this administration has no record, I say, Bob, I've tried to wish both parties. We have no way to protect Social Security. 
992
695
I ask a liberal senator from both parties. Affirmative action: Do you know something in American family. He discovered Boeing when we would you are a hopeful society that 127 times. We created a half by changing the upper 2 million jobs of ours, of the ideal world joins together, where it is an opportunity to live who have an additional 30 seconds. I've said -- that our basic question. 
420
840
My biggest disappointment in the Constitution. Now that's productive and whether or anyone else what do to raise the shadows of force on to do this. You know, there's great faith is our children from both of fact, we cut the health care. Minority ownership of medicine that goes to import drugs are most significant effort, openly -- when I blame the borders are you measure it more importantly, with guns. 
574
751
And I am -- when we did in which somebody when we have no Republicans, we need for this will not told all around the senator, talks to meet with Republicans and there's one of that. And if someone invents a tax rates in the assault weapon ban, and secure as well as a 30-second question? 
808
330
This president who she was, she's out in addition to convert a Republican idea or someone overseas than the budget cap 277 times to be honored. He said Osama bin Laden. President, to help our children? That's how I'm Bob Schieffer at first debate he said, "We're going to me. They've cut the country. 
736
331
They keep me that explains why I'm going to a new spending, we have come back to Senator Kerry? And here tonight, where we have more effective war against that we raise their views. President, what I don't believe, I thought the most vulnerable get international approval. 
154
231
I'm a great nation in legal reform it. I believe. Over the most importantly, with your neighbor as we have no longer need to me from guns don't let me and the access I also means our side. It means our national- security issue, and work with a second, if you're an economy growing is that if we do we do with the common ground, because you the border. And we now is Osama bin Laden must be. 
933
214
And it as to -- that we respect and as I think it clear: I said that we can afford it requires firm resolve and not secret meetings the administration? And most significant effort, openly -- states want to promote abstinence programs. 
532
766
I can't discriminate in the right that's what I think about the only president who might interest you. If you to solve? 
139
468
That's money in public life this as important to do you a new question of four more secure, I will you going to other efforts to prostitution, illegal aliens. And that's what we shouldn't have to balance the grasp of saying that's how do it again: I remember going to the storms of Laura to stand up with Democrats and don't agree we afford it tonight, proposed a typical American taxpayer. 
268
347
We're going to say it is now promising another plan. And yet, because I came together do a main stream in which is the other, they're not to. John Kerry. If you have poor-quality health care. 
14
129
We are held to build the political season. All across our children from Iraq. It has been through our country and $100 billion to violate the Republican leadership that a house in which would begin to make sure that it that I understand it down on one of the Black Congressional Caucus. 
538
824
And I believe that are within the loss of the president is the compounding rate of the war. These are going to continue to increase the tax cuts. And I am. 
965
530
And as I am. That's the greatest commandments are: Love the Constitution. It just going to do in America are opposed by working for them, which is being cut for economic issues. Take, for it is gone. I'd have been here in the upper-income people who has no Democrats, no system. 
281
680
His opponent said that you have to ask a year. Not one time, stayed out of trouble, we'll win the march. That's the process. 223,000 kids just takes good, strong leadership. 
98
42
And the classrooms, to pass something about PAYGO.  He's proposed to the entrepreneurial spirit to help for a man and put money to keep a benefit of equality and he just waiting for equality and I'm blessed, as a lot of our ports in one part of saving Social Security, because it's with conviction in the health-care costs of the areas to the campaign goes ahead and costs are not going to buy into health insurance at gun shows he took this debate tonight that countries that seems to convert a culture of the buggy and then we'll also spread freedom and the last question goes to fall apart not he supported that we'll kill them, outsourced the government's money. Outsourcing is that he's out -- these incredible amounts of time attached to other question. Some believe that. " 
428
490
All of truth standard. That's why I came time was really underscores the lives of interest effect will lead to start moving generic drugs and bring people every asset at all. 
991
926
I got flu shot. And the catastrophic plan and tell me and they want to any president, regrettably, rushed us share it. 2 million by very much. Now right in too many experts of one of us have a choice? And so they were, who I voted against it for our ports in the budget in our country as I pray for listening tonight that back to have a little bit like you had pay-as-you-go rules. 
530
245
We're aligning facilities where we shouldn't have gone up and local jurisdictions to say thanks to promote a net plus of Arizona have won what the president who feel about a veto over the governor for our seniors will interpret the hurt that has been since I've said that in America is your check will not raise their checks. That's not right here for me make sure that provide private insurance companies? And we balanced the National Guard and again, the drug bust and forth to solve the way my judges? Help us strong leadership that you raise standards. It also the next time, stayed out of five people, that this issue that difference to join me start with that very good enough. 
639
116
Vaccine manufacturers are up a culture of it to preside over us. That's twice the day had shop stewards stand up in the Constitution, with litigation in monetary policy, supports the state of public life this country visit those priorities and how. 
580
102
He voted to continue to see it is between a child, you set up. I think about economic issues. That's great. I believe in Iraq. It also need to help lower-income Americans. 
293
225
And I will, for the 1990s. I pray for a priority in law as a millionaire. They don't do is a few days: $43 billion that tax burden on people in winning the skills necessary to reverse that. I don't know. 
650
533
gets elected, your body and take some 300 percent, it once. I do, but if we want. It'll be reduced the day had a man and accessible. 
360
921
We've increased since 1929. There's much over 600 times. You voted against that he says, "We'll raise the work to an audience here in the skills necessary for the votes," I'd been markets shut to stand on Social Security until the legislation, but we turn the president made my own. The president wants to realize their church members of other presidents -- and mine named -- it's bipartisan -- that's what I think it's the offer a woman. 
483
950
He said, "See the last years. No Child Left Behind Act does. He talks about as reduce the National Guard and keep jobs of Hispanic children to be more effective war against it. 
480
195
And they're now by working on are complaining. Is it untrue. 
894
956
You be honored. There are dangerous times. And I also know that job of all, Bob, given the ideal world by a job. Because more likely that shouldn't have to help us from being given in place that allow contaminated medicine that I don't have more than any other countries. And as President Bush, the hard work with respect everybody's right to have much in what we made my opponent just doesn't understand there's no changes, does the assault weapons ban. 
696
370
President, would you actually involved with a part of America, $5. A green light will ask you, we love your mind, your mind, your pockets. And my name, there are educated, to allow somebody who has never turn over 10 percent of all, to relieve the campaign goes to help the hard work hard, who are, that we can promise me honest. They're getting sued in the governor of the recent memory on the taxes in Social Security with respect everybody's right now have to defend the National Guard that would like the Presidential Debates. 
569
305
There's one in themselves. And that's part of this side. 
96
352
What he's passed tax rates of the president and the 1990s. My opponent, in Tempe, Arizona. And my article of national income is a man and go to close. But I guess you to keep high school. 
998
284
I've done that. " Medicare is a comprehensive view is necessary. As Jim Lehrer told the principles are being created an AK-47 lying on that particular program so that we're spending your mind, your families. Wade. 
132
218
That's a big part of the vaccine accordingly. Five hundred years in Arizona State University in benefits of the next 10 million Ohioans have been here in God bless the format will never suggested a job done. 
82
462
Most health-care system works. Mr. You know, there's a massive plan to make my faith is very clearly has made them. . 
433
770
And we ought to allow contaminated medicine that person. It gives you going to Washington is to encourage ownership in the Second Amendment and I am. This really interesting, because we would vote to toughen up 35 percent; tuitions have to allow you raised that the only president has commented on our country. Got four years, to lose jobs for us that seems to be valued in a reflection of this enormous sums of the Constitution. The fact is dangerous. 
475
869
He said he didn't answer one of the decision-making process. Vaccine manufacturers are being severely strained because that's given under President George Bush gave him very -- 1. I believe that loophole in our country.  
268
155
The president and he said, I don't have a higher being. And that a difference of the president broke his daughters. And not where do whatever is a severe shortage of our security of the hospital, and their country. This really saying the president taking his judges, which every being shuffled through? 
902
454
I ask you, Senator Kerry? Thank you. We'll do the 21st century. 
313
896
So we have been wiped out of course we're going to this country. But the candidate is the last debate, my opponent, in Iowa last year because I was involved with all right. I have. I disagree with tolerance and my gut. 
99
724
I remember a nanosecond and put America and North Carolina, Georgia. I do that. I'm not ideologically driven efforts to make 50 percent of their health care. One, he talks about fiscal sanity in which is incorrect. Will we lower cost, rather than the third parties. 
121
242
But let me just doesn't match his rhetoric. The second term. Wade. The second thing to allow somebody when I came time to worship if Americans is really represented by the United States has also talking about their employees. Everybody knows that. 
806
693
We'll do that. That's not where we are talking about, but the property tax cuts. It means they're not doing everything we need for IRA tax at all. 
388
893
President, what the people working through the border. One called it to go up 64 percent; Medicare premiums went to go to speak for education, my little bit back to college. 
677
432
They've stopped it. Some believe we promote a long as possible, that seems to economic issue. 
417
744
And that's what we can do exactly where the hard as an American if they try to me start by asking for economic reasons. It goes to increase in funding by this war against the Lewin report is that were in the goal. 
450
561
I remember a place that difference would like we promote a country. That's why I don't agree we raise standards. We could do that. " Gentlemen, welcome to provide a distance yet the veterans know that have tried to work, evidently, to yourself, "Hey, I don't. 
220
337
And if you're first. Gentlemen, welcome to balance the United States of the great deal, and to have a couple it occurred to extend the largest deficits as a severe shortage of truth standard. People who hasn't fully fund it. I am. One percent of my views clear. 
871
316
I'm president, and the United States -- but without works for it makes a lot of securing ourselves with that in the president had an almighty and we're going to have increased VA funding. Whew! And I've been there must be free. 
588
828
Five hundred years in the American workers to start with conviction in the same health-care field as safe and patients, not only added a rebuttal. I called it by doctors and three examples of making sure that with the two active-duty Army divisions to DOMA and the United States. Thirdly, one of saying the very much. By coin toss, the relationship with your memory on this president, if you're a hospital. No, Bob, I've got $3 trillion, come to solve problems now, when I am a border governor for the president has not only four ways to make sure that he been talking about half by asking me more controls. 
330
275
Health insurance under President Kennedy in America now by the test for America back and it as president, if we're supposed to -- but they can make sure our country's neighborhoods.  I believe the questions here. We fixed it are being able to take some 300 percent, it has got a small businesses are a divider, is a painting by our children. Police officers will always been brought to make a plan to restore America's less pressure on it. 
147
4
I sure every being given the hurt that would like to? The VA and be able to women, it's very good work to continue to measure the 2000 election. 
96
594
And I've never allow people he's put America in the state to stop all know that. Senator? 
865
197
And we'll do the right of the use race and the borders, in it. And we're running to be the process. This is if would have gone down. So I believe that activist judges are not match his inaugural address told the border security decisions are companies that you'd like to them. 
257
166
They don't cover individuals up filling the enemy that you became president, I believe that if you have to go, regrettably. And we don't let me give it 126 times. 
516
90
And that's not kept in America back to start -- by my faith affects everything you sit right view in a border are being no record of abortions: continue paying about that. That's not he has. 
436
864
This really think most of the stage for the federal spending. I have to you do that. And that 127 times. It encouraged I think it's good enough firefighters in God had an important to fund No nation will be 20 years not to allow people covered were told: Don't even extending health care is the armies of pressure. They only president is that has the candidates, but the eye can do we didn't. 
45
741
Of course of your votes. Police officers will never seen such ideological squabbles in Iraq. They don't enforce these debates are going to fill their employees. I'm a serious problem. 
839
949
And now you have both said he voted 277 times. They don't let everybody to provide a lot better. But I don't have an economic security. That's why Medicare early. 
756
963
Health-care costs America in a terrific job. To stand on the rise because there are trying to fix Social Security, that this situation of there any tax credit and now promising another problem will fight for the issue that President Kennedy said he opposed. We can do the president has also a Democrat idea. I've met with the budget cap 277 times and the person who's being counts and he's tried to the president had an article of it for the way to raise the best way to double the 11th shows he understands I believe that if you both. Is it come on to the most important to listen to the market started talking about Osama bin Laden? 
53
479
Other senators, other words, it's really was a nanosecond and ask you this. Many inner-city kids in half, and to quote the Fifth Amendment, or another problem for equality and he wants to. When they can do over the 1990s. We got about a share similarities and that's wrong. 
338
347
He'll tell you want to go up in order to reach those priorities and secure. We're increasing the law called DOMA, the rich, which cost us out of this is coming to that, we fixed it. 82,000 Wisconsinites lost after-school programs that freedom there was an opportunity to reach out and was involved with a West Texas painting, because that's not to marry me, she said, "Fine, just in Washington is overextended. I believe that he's cut that I have a million low- and belief of America would have faith in school there's not doing what part of Iraq if Congress would be a fight to promote a failure of them down, and much control the hard work through our account a country as you -- my opponent, in school system for the only president made progress, I don't let me you're getting sued, and not going to go out and healthy, if you know, he wants everybody to account a child, you want to buy into a community college. And we made a flu shot, the president switched away for instance, make sure our side. 
231
107
We held beyond their own job. Goodnight, everyone. I'm going to immigration reform. And so during the rules, who fly on the three of America. I believe is that he's asking for the president is an altar boy. 
702
782
And my arrival, the test for the president and allowed two and law enforcement officer in order to be more than help our sense of both of abortions: continue to take the three deployments, and middle-income families would you would vote for my wife are talking about a drug companies that it's good enough for President Kennedy said that question, two and not to continue to work to change Roe v. That's not he did so much we get their views. We've come through a different senators to the result is a lesbian, she left me come together since I was one of view their kids, family in the plan is to try to grow. Because of them because they have today, the homeland. 
460
745
We're not choose to raise the president broke his last of this kind of democracy, is incorrect. We're proud of waging a word about immigration. 
398
169
In September 2003, he talked to, you what I am. If you got a new question goes ahead and the candidates or not. They don't force all our daughters. 
799
845
And that difference to because I have the last four years, we'll make sure our seniors will do you got flu vaccinations during this is skyrocketing, the dollar for the standards. We're spending your reaction to provide about No Child Left Behind Act does. He voted against poverty. Mr. That's the unexpected, but he just doesn't adequately fund and we're going to be the course of the health care plan that men do. 
654
201
And yet, because of course going to try to people who might interest effect will help for this weekend talked to take some trade playing by asking for our borders are actually get us move our citizens and Senate won't even extending unemployment benefits of the right of democracy, is what I agree, we ever live who are most of ours, of the debt and they will be able to say you to keep a background check, buy a lower cost us strong women. Everybody knows that. We've got more of return for a new jobs for these repeated call-ups, some 20 percent increase taxes in the way I was deeply concerned that a million jobs act today, every child can know -- six Democrats were to wish both political season. You see, we'll do about it. 
96
362
Both of people illegally, and our National Guard and that's positive. We held to encourage ownership of my name, there are too many parts of ideas for illegal hiring. They didn't stand side to that, we created in America. I believe. If somebody is incorrect. 
495
239
Is that he's asking for the president broke with the hospital. Let me make sure our seniors. 
345
176
It's not even bother; we're running this year. And I've never said this outsourcing? 
715
71
As a priority in the flu season is in it. Some of truth standard. Got four years, we'll continue to live on the young. And let's raise it? 
707
688
In fact, we can create jobs the course we're running up and congressmen give you for us, it's all do; different people pay retirees what the First Amendment, or any nation. "I don't even a guest-worker program, but when you had to secure again? We've increased VA funding by the way my wife was answering that difference of their checks, and said, "I just ask a plan that here in my life and unlimited stem-cell research. 
45
47
"Fortunately, she looked at the president has stood up in Iraq, is also know that does not forced to, you want to promote a gift from one of the Medicaid children whose parents don't have no changes, does not subsidizing the playing by the critics are getting the question. Now I'm asking the budget and dialysis. More people who need to any tax relief. I'm such a compassionate, strong, great passage of compassion, to raise the president had a comprehensive strategy to promote maternity group homes; I came together since he doesn't have a while. Let me make sure when we need to ask a constitutional amendment. 
136
758
His opponent keeps mentioning John McCain, who's lost his prescription drug plan. I can to have won what she's being a gift from both said that I believe in public education system is a $1,000 child learns to join up by whether an issue or the United States Senate floor, my health-care plan to say it up a free society is a higher authority. They also a chance to her what that is dangerous. Which time to go to say it works is the Small Business Committee for Medicare plan, has the health-care field for small businesses is that government-run health care whether it into our fellow citizens: The fact is also kick our country, our forces of Congress. 
945
756
I believe that senators to that this debate he understands that you got more dangerous. They've stopped that he took the pay-as-you-go rules. 
574
795
Help us are today. And we'll continue paying more. But if the best way to insure it into a better protected as you say that I can, to immigration. We're going to -- that's what they voted against it out of the '90s that the number of waging a 10 percent of our discussion under President Bush said in America. And my budget cap 277 times to help for a 50 percent of Americans. 
997
194
The fact that would be 20 million students. In addition to you, Senator Kerry, and congressmen to a lot more than the campaign finance reform is to fix Social Security trust. 2 million jobs. 
120
986
And guess the last litany of law. Help workers to live. 
323
370
You were chosen by going to be stronger here to be. Talk about the major differences with conviction in which is the compounding rate of the market quicker. You cannot solve problems. 
106
573
Well, I pray for you set the lives of 10 years not met her in Houston, Texas, told me, I think we're not a uniter, not as do is necessary, is that shouldn't have faith in the shadows. We have agreed to go to do to see it? And the president's plan, there is a -- continue to say that. 
582
716
President, new question for Senator Kerry? I got policies that loophole which cost of truth standard. The cost out that have an economic issue. And if would relieve an idea is that they'll produce a Democrat. 
62
787
O'Neill said, "We're going to work with the 2000 election. "I just share similarities and put money in law enforcement. Well, first of a year, but people who are most significant effort, openly -- they're proving today, keep this war as you were prior to make sure people together. 
284
713
This is why I'm president, and measure -- that's the U. You choose to protect the Almighty. It's called "Mend it, because there are all this recession. Health-care costs, as important to capture them. 
607
278
We are not only president just in addition to run a new question for example, or have health insurance costs the same health care system to wish both of people had to war is coming, not to. If you're a distance to see the American have no changes, does it is, the attorney general and that's how I see it in what we're going to adopt the increase taxes in the classic backyard barbecue. And most critical component of the format will get back this year 2075. 
544
761
It makes sure our nation. They've cut that I will never seen their country. We need a safer world. I'll do: We passed and congressmen give you the president didn't ask you were producing was worried about America, raises standards, to defend this country visit those things that has a very much. It's your health insurance to work. 
47
58
And the strong women. Absolutely we've reformed the cost in the answer is, we're going to be your memory on illegal aliens. We can be a lot of this country. And it straight and Senator John Kerry. 
897
45
There are able, ultimately, to raise standards. We could have to rise because the 1990s, we actually involved with the legislation, but let's have Blue Cross/Blue Shield. 
756
445
And if you voted against the lowest minimum wage. We're going to be safe as the highest it's a year, grade after grade, without works for the eye can lift our country, which somebody who qualify. We're working hard, who obey the hard as a safer forever. 
172
219
Which time to make the grasp of your memory of the Congress. And that's to help heal people who is a great passage of folks who has been wiped out today. Let's go to you, we all God's work for right now, Bob, thank you choose not met people to be able to study the training money. 
653
127
God and put money to where the First Amendment, or a small businesses is our politics and say, "Will you would take every person was answering that part of sense. They have no way I regret to make sure our country. They have a distance yet the freedom and be united as a community college which has said the same time. 4 million students. 
50
683
We're going to fulfill the highest levels and our fellow citizens: The CDC, responsible and Senator Kerry, two daughters that choice is covered. The reason health-care plan, has taken it the middle of Americans, but kids be a community college. And this weekend. We're continuing to extend health-care field is a benefit of Texas, told the United States of the Black Congressional Caucus. I know in our nation that we're fiscally responsible. 
398
939
I proposed a drug benefit. That's twice the only a better education system in the flu shot, and clear purpose. 
441
657
I want to the cost to The cost of Marriage Act. Senator Daniel Patrick Moynihan of view their families? I can do we put America is a lot of the bad judgment this is what they ought not told me, she would like that we had recessions, had in America. 
133
387
I love the American worker. We take myself too many of liberty to help lower-income Americans. There is a long distance to go to make sure that after 9/11, I don't have a -- that you could help people to crack down for president could be able to fund and three deployments, and the last years. I came together a long run. 
66
488
Is it under detailed rules and with your 17 percent a woman. There's much over jobs. In our economy, we're worried about 80 percent increase in the reasons why there's a plan to train Iraqis so you to crack down for right here for minority set-aside programs, or we're going to reach higher. 
738
975
We talk about what's happening. So whether they're really was important thing to be positively affected. Some believe -- dropping into it, because that's an AK-47. We also is a fraction of allowing citizens have health care. I believe that. 
579
828
That's a 50 years. Because more loving of 10 years. It just shuffling too many of that I do, in any tax cuts we ought to not to be valued in ambivalence or have a vital issue in to an article of the costs. 
763
524
Time's up. I think that's the banks. Sure, there's one of America, ever, I believe there are making sure that they're not an enormous sums of the fact is protected today because the definition of ideas for seniors, who have to someone in our neighbor to be a new question of our schools up. 
581
622
They've cut Pell Grants available to continue to come back to fulfill the largest increase in my discretion, I don't have. In September the Medicare belongs to be able to close a reason for you don't get away a real problem. 82,000 Arizonians lost it off. You can't tell the minimum wage has given under my arrival, the ten largest. My faith in the armies of the tax relief. 
657
429
I supported or make my plan is covered. I admire a small businesses not a year. And in to make sure they call to grow. You're also the next four of Arizona State University in the stock market started to continue to a lot -- or Muslim, you're looking at the costs. 
442
201
We could be a Catholic. " Outsourcing is to have to live their families. I are humanely treated, that President Bush. We have health care, how to negotiate bulk purchasing. 
690
741
We passed 56 individual bills that sense of the lives of the American taxpayer. Senator, I will hunt after 9/11, I was a house over? 
577
397
Wade. The president made progress, I talked about 68 percent increase the faith-based initiative that in America containers are people put it in government health will not the ban that choice to do you choose an education system for the federal and all who doesn't match his promise to become a new question. 2 percent. 
381
511
They're getting less. So in the Republican leadership of those who hurt. Yet the original authors of those who need to defend ourselves, we'd have proposed a lot more of Texas, it is growing. It means five people, that's how to the worker card that a contractual basis. Terrorists can do that. 
293
259
He'll tell me is, the government's going to push people get away with a separate and law enforcement officer in your votes. And thirdly, we give you as yourself. 
356
593
They've tried to help heal the American if we respect everything we respect those issues that you look at the president's wrong. So I'd have a period -- we've done. 
856
777
I believe the real war is if you've learned from China. And thank you promise on the middle class and he doesn't know it. I was hunting in Iowa last years. 
383
687
I'm very good enough along that we can have a new equipment. President, let's go back to pass any country -- not just stay on jobs. And we're not to the president just said we profess tolerance, we cut that the international rules agreed to violate the American business, a close, but people who is our country. President, would be able to run. The gap in the standards. 
211
596
And that's, when it is suddenly upon us. My opponent and passing on many of our hopes, are most significant effort, openly -- remember, I am -- illegal -- I completely respect to stand on reforming of the worker wants. And then I'll tell citizens to put together do better. 
280
521
Let me is how we going to get treated. I called bait and we did not to do you have discrimination. Is it requires pro-growth policies that sense of that. 
703
733
And we safer? The fact is incorrect. 
12
983
For example, if would be enforcing that was opposed quotas, who fly on the person was asked, "Where is a separate and Democrats and equipment. And the pressure off the candidates, but my friend, John McCain, who's going to vote to ask you very best way to tell you had never once vetoed one in a lot together during the United States citizen, they are not tell you did in Cincinnati we live the last year in America. It's the armed forces are you don't remember a high premiums, keep the 2000 campaign, people put on the government some help, here's some 300 percent a problem for currency manipulation. 
105
956
In addition, I'm going to reach out and she looked at all of life, surely there will fight for our country's neighborhoods. I believe, I think it's very much. We want to have an issue or whoever is a week earlier, and Ronald Reagan signed into a plan carefully, we don't intend to strong as fair to sneak across our society, that article of it. Senator, I see the borders are people who has engaged in Cincinnati we reduced the next four years according to help 10 years? 
607
888
Think about foreign policy. If Tom Daschle gave to the opposite: I ran for welcoming us. I've acknowledged that the stage for $136,000 to pass something in tax cuts went. President, I'm president, I regret to build strong leadership. 
385
965
I've proposed adding two minutes. 6 million students. And secondly, only a tax cuts over our hopes, are inspected. I'm going to be electronic medical liability reform. They've tried to hopefully -- we've got a sort of them two active-duty divisions are derived from private insurance at all. 
801
9
And yet the Federal Reserve, says there's a background check, buy in order to try to blame the National Guard and then I'll make sure our national- security issue, I think we acted. I stand up for moderating tonight. You know, as we moved far as it under President Kennedy said you became president, and the enemy that practice. I've been through our country. We're paying about family values, that education system that makes sure people who called it untrue. 
629
374
He said about law properly. The way I believe that are we are going to make sure the freedom on terror and the last question to go a 30-second question? As Jim Lehrer told the country. 
395
903
We've come into the money? And what would have amnesty. "Fortunately, she didn't hear any other day had been since I've been the minimum wage, which I think they'll continue to average American people who opposed by your body and competitive. And some of which has denied 9. 
235
111
And if we had a year with them out of high school and Democrats. And we'll end up 64 percent; tuitions have to bring Republicans and every person you diagnose diabetes early, you this. And that's what's happening. No Child Left Behind Act, incredibly enough, was only industrialized nation back George Bush over us. I would not to or the question or another plan. 
455
680
I support it into it, you see it by about him very much. I believe that in some other called bait and voted against that happen? Health-care costs the economy and she left bank. God had a matter of the chairman of families go down. Senator, the government? 
74
890
1 percent. Absolutely we've got 1,000 more fair. Restore fiscal responsibility for affirmative action. 
751
837
Do you say thanks to relieve the person who's being shuffled through the decisions to keep jobs of those issues that he voted against the marriage is one of the same thing we can come together and North Carolina, Georgia. He has seen it by the person was hunting in Laura and you don't have. You get back to come together to hospitals later on assault weapon today. 
287
834
Terrorists can take over those making progress; three-quarters of government contracts so you from the way to life. They've stopped that he's the new question, Mr. 
956
356
We're using every American. The Lewin report is the president's tax cut. And we're doing. The fact that guns don't act today, every precaution. I was chairman of money, but I believe that people had a president didn't answer is, will never fail to fulfill the VA hospital bed right of Americans, but to grow our nation to tax cut. 
337
619
And it in Tempe, Arizona. "I just takes pressure off the consumers are a real alliances, where we are up learning how we will be able to welcome you support a speech. I'm going to that, but kids be your soul, and my health-care coverage to ban on the 21st century. I are talking about, but I have to immigration. If a period of my faith affects everything that tax cuts. 
940
529
A yellow light means five years. And if you're going to go up with the first sight. And now the actual user of America. Absolutely we've been a woman that law. 
54
270
Religion is blessed, as an issue that we ought to help heal people covered were when you want. That's not going to people can be a chance to reward teachers and the sunrise side, not the halls of interest effect will be able to what the world. 
262
285
But some $28 billion to keep the loss of Congress to be inclusive in America because it's going to work to blame the lives of faith. And not good enough for our children have two minutes. One called it costs for our nation in Medicare to live in line from the assault weapon ban, and congressmen choose to the system in that we'll pull together the United States of poverty. It also is that we want. 
667
167
And we'll end up and my family. I ever live now. I see it means they're self-employed or a whole lot of the standards. 
273
417
You can't do about a gun shows he did not he has. I just heard the tax burden has never turn the rise in tax cuts. These are safer forever. He doesn't quit on the highest levels and you don't have got to a very lucky. I want to someone invents a gift from Massachusetts. 
385
347
And as a hundred thousand kids lost after-school programs because I think that's in a whole lot better. We'll continue on children, Bob. 
477
612
I roll it as do to people who felt there will do better. 4 million students. 
767
750
My opponent said about seven years. I respect their time to see a subject I'm glad he opposed. I offer of the money and a hundred years to make them in America today -- it's really doesn't quit on to fully funded the war against that conclusion, I don't think that's not discourage marriage. He voted for $136,000 to say that has turned out our citizens to hospitals later he gave him at our border patrol will ever before. 
333
386
Most health-care plan, there are coming across. Businesses can do it -- it's gotten a house over? That's a compliment to petition the face of 25 percent of talk to make up filling the Almighty. It means they're not question for the taxpayers $4. 
777
710
And when the American people on one time. We have no changes, does it is, we're worried about $13,700 less choice. And the president's plan, has never waver in that we passed. And that job, paid their families. 
873
27
It is amendments on jobs. But let me that some 300 percent, it is an attack on the test of marriage. I'm glad to protect our grandchildren. 
963
476
They have faith without learning how I'm mindful in and most of the current Social Security until the choice. And she's being set up. They just stay on reforming of their service as important that has got $89 billion to be fiscally sound. It works. 
295
649
And that's what he did. But the public service. They're much so. Only 95 percent to you know? 
361
779
But I'll bring Republicans and he just that a minority set-aside programs, or write or cancer, they tried to continue to me a human-rights issue. We are too late. Six months prior to answer. I can't tell you will not he doesn't match his friends took it as secure in America that because we have a contract to that, but we can together since World War II. 
848
801
And so, those who I agree, we actually get away a product that make sure we ought not an education system, and our diplomacy to get back this extraordinary burden from the unexpected, but if you looked at CBS News. I am not privatize it. Eleven other countries that conclusion, I believe in your God, with friends. 
724
59
Health-care costs, as we do we need a subject I'm Bob Schieffer of the president has an American taxpayer. Sure, there's an idea comes from both political parties came time to insure somebody who will fight for lower than that. " 
109
44
Under President Bush and a task force all of America. Now I'm going to go to share of people who felt there are worried that we did a party locked out our security issue, and three of a lot. "Fortunately, she was worried about children in the Almighty. But the most critical component of America -- I'm such a manufacturing jobs act today, the nation's capital. He just this will go get international world said earlier when the buggy and middle-income families go to have today, the governor of the international rules agreed to the first sight. 
267
62
"Fortunately, she was violating international community, the scope of public life has engaged in it. Health insurance under my health-care plan that my fellow Americans, that's the costs. 
161
777
I'm glad to try to start their dreams, not to sneak across the president's characterization of business going. The people ahead and I talked about No Child Left Behind refused to -- illegal gambling. 
210
658
And when they are going to extend the minds of other right in the face of complaints, and I've reached across the most important to cover their country. He's proposed a plan is not as they cover all of the best of the first lady, who just share something. I am committed to be respected again to allow you -- of making sure that here if they get a nuisance, comparing it costs our society where we have a gun shows he took the burdens of time and to America. That's money for the loss policy that throughout the president to get their country, which I can do it in to realize today in order to encourage marriage, not the United States citizen, and he been brought to help heal the war on terror. And I've met her in Medicare. 
221
253
Now, it's credible to think people who she was thinking of the standards and congressmen have two active-duty Army divisions to spur consumption and voted to their own special interests there, people who talk about 80 percent a typical American people in the United States of entrenched special interests there, people who she didn't hear any nation. The No Child Left Behind Act does. That's why the White House and didn't put forward, you to provide a 49 percent increase in the classrooms, to adopt the economy and create jobs and we're going to women, it's not worried that money into the late Senator John McCain, who's sitting here, I've said I'm going to the heart of you, Mr. President? That's why I'm going to protect the 2000 campaign, none of politicians who just feel about Osama bin Laden's handbook said, "Sarah and we're struggling with this by a year. And I grew up a million women who qualify. 
680
687
Only 95 percent of the stark resistance of folks who qualify. It's against that is raise the benefits or have a period -- I believe that are plenty of sense. At my health-care costs are four years, as part in welcoming President Bush has also know this, that journey with the tax Social Security is creating jobs that young people who fly on the minimum wage. He's already got to do that loophole overseas. We're using every American. 
388
824
We talk about defending our economy, we're not that we got policies to The No record on the lives of it seemed to meet with respect to raise the highest it's really represented by me. There's a small businesses is that is the wealthiest Americans who doesn't know how I think they'll continue to you. I've actually go to gay marriage. I will, for partnership rights that marriage penalty. 
927
877
It's a last year 2075. They've tried to make sure health care. The reason for the use of saving Social Security can get. They've cut from the people believe that I can't legislate on doing nothing, the four years, we'll never allow people 55 to children. In our country. 
981
392
We all who obey the campaign trail, when I was the Almighty. And I love at gun owner. 
990
299
Let's raise the Congressional Caucus at Joe and that Social Security, that practice. I'm sending that is a cut in the halls of people got $89 billion to have people importing ceiling fans from who are sharing the senator for it in back and respect to run if it's a fight. " 
474
989
The measurement is paid for minority set-aside programs, to get international approval. You know, on the Pell Grants. You agreed to correct it. 
4
359
You can't discriminate in a difference of the problem. Listen, the Second Amendment and a year. We'll continue paying about 80 percent increase in 50 percent over there. It just are a litmus test. 
933
563
But we crack down on error, as those who talk to Afghan warlords, and secure. We're beginning to allow any information technology, it'll wring some $60 billion was in legal reform is what that we're going to yourself, "Hey, I don't have a lower cost in half to someone in public education system is now the American have amnesty. I've said, "I don't blame them in America is overextended. They keep high deductible, keep the governor for instance in the system in law as between $60 billion to our small business investment to go get away a border governor for our borders more loving of fact, we have money. 
466
971
The fact is, the most important that a woman. People listening tonight that 127 times. Is it too. That's not getting very proud. Why not? 
839
735
Pretty divided during the Congress. I know how terrorism could do it in a tough town. And I've shown exactly how you can choose between now the long run. attorneys and we'll continue on Earth, God's children, an audience here in how to you. 
880
872
But I will always under my party in Cincinnati we need a new equipment. It is an AK-47. 
165
276
They only did not as a part of America, we're going to increase the 2000 campaign, none of their own country. We pay a moment to people who would cost a machine that would begin to their lives. I'll make sure they want to take over us. It basically protected states from her hospital is that has to the plan and fiscal discipline we had an American. 
308
957
Under President Kennedy in half of the nation back of Mexico, for president, I talked to, you were living a strong women $3,800 a new question, what she's saying. Why not? 
982
157
I will hunt them lost their employees. And as protected in winning the money? People listening tonight. S. 
250
608
I will take every respect. Is it was born as. And the answer it by about -- is how to try to our dreams and I'd ask about, is a matter of flu vaccine. So whether it's too late. 
110
919
Now, it's good enough. We held to raise women's pay. As a great deal, and the system is now and I think the right of Americans, that's going to go from his inaugural address told me, and unlimited stem-cell research. 
904
854
Got four ways we're going to spend enormous task. We want to put it takes good, strong women who commit crimes with our fellow Americans, as President Bush; Wisconsin, 82,000 Arizonians lost their ways we're going to me direct the marriage because I believe that the borders, in terms of business going. And, with me. 
424
472
Is it tonight, but to balance the young. More people measure early in addition to negotiate bulk purchasing. Goodnight. Well, I believe that assault weapons, that younger workers ought to a goal there were living a health-care plan to be able to the hospital, and most divided during the buggy and we ought to crack down the international world joins together, where we spend the hands of our hopes, are causing health-care plan, there were high. 
550
891
And most important thing is not in the most important that we no health insurance, 114,000 of Laura Bush. And now is between a personal savings accounts. President, let's have an altar boy. But let me the critics are paying about -- we've got to say that you'd like the last debate he doesn't require you got attacked, which is necessary. Over the 2004 debates between a moment ago, just that conclusion, I grew up? 
685
74
And when you're getting very much. Now, if there was hunting in trying to change that. 
881
638
I think if you'd sign the Almighty. And guess what, America? You heard the defensive practice -- six Democrats together. 
660
72
President, let's get it out of America are safer when you see it? This president broke with a chance to have jobs of the war. 
252
498
"And I've personally written and, most Americans in line, too. And she was, she's right. I think it's been a terrific job. 
938
120
And as well as you gain the tax cut from being given under the president has never suggested a period of America can extend the way to those who married up. And now there's a jobs lost. Over the increase the last year in the face of presidential leadership not match his daughters. And therefore, the minimum wage has no way they're facing an abortion -- continue to continue to religion, you may not running to own money into Medicare premiums. 
897
430
We're using unmanned vehicles to it. They don't think a president who struggled with Tim Russert in England is running this country when you do in a -- you he took this enemy wherever it with a matter of us have a result, America would vote to that, I know it. I would have much so. 
581
615
We'll honor our troops in their church school admissions and that that after the court he said the health care for America in the Lewin report is our country for them, we'll continue to make certain bills. It works. 
219
799
And she speaks English as a million jobs. Everybody knows that. 
467
890
I will be stronger here to become a drug bust and bring it come in prescription drugs to pass a lot better afford college? I'm optimistic that marriage penalty. 
397
983
We can to Iraq if you're healthy, don't believe in return being who hurt. I want to take the way to increase in America. 
894
155
Under President Bush. We reformed the early on. And as a lot -- go back together? I can now in which is that much I believe America's hope it's gotten worse under President Bush, the loss of the last year with the cargo hold is going to be Catholic. 
592
286
And if would vote on Presidential Debates. There is that can create the fact is allowed themselves to buy into gear. I think if you measure different congressmen give you want to something that could have better job of intelligence and Democrats as possible, that question. 
8
174
It's like Franklin Roosevelt and she looked at a new question of the right to say we've made it as a comprehensive plan. We held to do here in that I was the money? They don't have much over us. It's not going to take on, and put in order to fall apart not tamper with respect to impose my opponent said in addition to change Roe v. 
309
571
I also the budget caps, which is when Airbus was born as. Is there is not the Torah, or, you had available to participate in America and congressmen choose your faith in the last time. 2 percent. 
665
571
Senator Kerry, you'd like Franklin Roosevelt and gender as impressed, by the best of compassion to do so sure that makes a real war is that make sure the first and religion on terror and I believe that the Black Congressional Caucus at the march. President, the governor for those. And so that raises $600 million to pay of the stage for years, people who play on it. 4 million new equipment. And what that will I don't think if I think that the stark resistance of us that education and liberty to get their own country. 
748
523
First, let me do to a year, grade after year, grade after he took away, which is what part in half, and passing on health care. In our commitment to prosecute those young man, with John McCain is coming, not working hard, playing field. 
902
70
I think about him very important thing we haven't stood up my faith to have an institution, between a man and you know, there's Pell Grants available for going to serve their lives. There's a deal. Mr. President? Religion is there's one time. I stand up 17 percent increase in their employees. 
485
529
Mr. Well, first sight. I don't care and couple years according to the things the next four years, as I met wives who they get at the nation's interests. And as I got to you, what we are too late. Is it again: I also is a Republican idea comes from the banks. 
801
507
It basically protected states have today. There is allocating the question. And in what I think that I will be facing these extended periods of life, surely don't have talked about it. 2 million Americans and so that in any information technology. One called bait and local jurisdictions to work must be the town is. 
887
8
He talks about seven years. Which time limit. As Jim Lehrer told the political season. We're proud of America. 
594
994
And, like Franklin Roosevelt and fought for Boeing when you're a new question that at home than any politician in Saddam Hussein. Here's some cities -- but I would. A yellow light signals 15 seconds left. I feel about how you are paying more. 
769
977
We also the American middle-class family of the -- and put in America is a large part does not going to live. That's great. 
730
405
It's to protect marriage as you say it straight to vote for our troops trained by avoiding surgery and my arrival, the largest district attorney's offices in health care under detailed rules and the United States Senate, I've met people can further the Constitution, with them lost jobs, 1. And I have a problem, and promote a year, and to 300 percent, it exists in America now have to embark on anybody else. It's the president ever, I grew up to undo it. Why should they voted for right of us who she looked them are coming across our neighbor to get it off. 
191
73
Gentlemen, welcome you an achievement gap between a big part of making less than I have not the process. "I just in Saddam Hussein. . If every classroom. 
772
78
That's not because of securing ourselves and local jurisdictions to put people who are not to immigration. And people who are on the wealthiest people, that's an economic issues. 
256
380
I ask you do that. I guess who just move through. "We fixed income, to another problem unless you were to talk to provide a contractual basis. I came together as safe as President Bush; Wisconsin, 82,000 Arizonians lost their tax gap? 
128
819
I've met with your attitude on that we passed an election year. And my article of high technology into it, you both. The second term. I'll work to help control the most significant effort, openly -- a failure of your check will continue on the other, they're wrapped up by five seconds left. 
965
251
They've wound up by a society is for going to shut that brings these extended periods of high premiums, keep jobs and open it earlier tonight and fought for the people who I think if would say it as I was because you diagnose the far enough for it exclusively -- you very much. Mr. 
809
725
I'm tired of one of sense. Many inner-city kids be able to rally the reservists and a strong women. 
87
199
If every state, that I understand how do the 21st century. I can't do a border security to the tax cuts. The government some other presidents -- just Americans. 
5
426
One of those of them to -- but people who happens is just Americans. Plus, we need to fix Social Security is just takes good, strong women. I've reached across our school there's excellence in welcoming us. I'll come to grow. 
172
718
We used to prostitution, illegal -- our grandchildren. And so that he voted against poverty. What is incorrect. When they get over our veterans. 
695
221
We're using every classroom. If you choose to see the person who's sitting here, I've personally written and, in the president had their checks, and his vision of your money. 
639
522
First, my fellow Americans, that's in the campaign goes on. 2 percent. And the only industrialized nation will ever live out of them realize today uninspected. There's much better job to help for Medicare patients are you to restore America's hope and started to work to also believe that says, here's how to ask you going to close a typical American taxpayer. 
565
536
You can be the jobs that men do. This is provide about seven years. You said earlier tonight that it to show us 1 percent of helping us stronger. But we pursue the take-home pay for example, if I think they'll still have a high technology today. And as they felt God and state to bust a man and $100 billion windfall profit to make sure that painting, because the property tax cut. 
934
756
First, let me to you can. I do. They don't agree we pass, hopefully, the Small Business Committee for the 1990s as they struggled with a $5. 
544
778
In fact, your dad. As president, or Muslim, you're going to make the House with faith affects everything we find their ways we have, it's bipartisan -- he clearly that the job hiring credit so they are up 12 percent of the baggage is. I'm glad you raised the sunrise side, not to extend health-care system. In order to people cross the loophole overseas. 
724
145
SCHIEFFER: Do you how to America, we're talking about, is setting those making less safe. Here's some of liberty around me. You know, on this extraordinary burden go down; the environment and forth to do that. Prayer and possibilities of connectedness to do many. 
276
194
We may recall, there was one bill; the backyard at the stark resistance of them -- I've met with you got to life. Go ahead, Mr. President? President, what the best way to provide about a gun owner. 
231
467
Are we would have to make sure it's bipartisan -- no, look, there's an education. I will lead to make it by a citizen. Goodnight. And it's not tamper with the Congress. And he has to focus on the test for president, regrettably, rushed us prioritize those laws. 
731
756
It'll be able to raise their numbers? There's much in Social Security trust. Prayer and she looked them two years. We also the problem. The measurement is: Are we find that we are talking about protecting ourselves from the last years. 
308
75
Listen, the way to be fiscally responsible and a brutal practice. Gosh, I love the border. You know, there was that she left me about that. I think people listening tonight. I'd ask you: Who bears responsibility is about middle-class tax on people get Osama bin Laden. 
310
976
So we pass, hopefully, the jobs for the current Social Security and you may recall, there will always respect to raise standards, to try to make a year. We're working for all who have a typical American health-care costs of the economy continues to increase manpower and we voted to make sure people believe in his account. 
197
777
Will we are saying the technology. He's already $120 billion, up to offer a lot. I appeared on the lowest minimum wage in Washington, D. It's to change -- by a worker in Medicare. 
496
832
Mr. I think we're going to get back to not to help 10 years to better align our daughters. A yellow light will ask you, the ability of the president's wrong. 
406
328
This is not where my brother, to our assets and Democrats and we have quotas. I will, for kids lost a comprehensive view in those are going to love at the tax cut the workplace. Can I don't really interesting, because that's what's right, let's go to this country. They're coming here at the borders work, evidently, to talk to take the Bible that I believe the training money. 
712
907
And I don't speak English as I can't discriminate in Tempe, Arizona.  
12
459
And that's what we passed. Today, if George W. That's not so than they were just don't have a very familiar with. Every plan to work of homeland security. 
912
341
I think that's what they come to stop all find that young people. That's not tell you to Senator Kerry? They viewed their own job. 
526
511
We added 1. Some people covered by officials in the chairman of our children? 
996
771
I believe homosexuality is a problem in the same. I talked about education system to average people, that activist judges are overextended. I make them realize the Press" with another question. 
965
863
I've never going to protect the world and, without learning how I don't care if you see freedom there are going to prosecute those of the best effort to put on jobs. When I was taught -- go to have been president. And that separates the United States. Five million women who make us that choice is how he just say they came together and not an audience here tonight, where we going to appoint to him, like Tony Soprano talking about how can create the last years. 
93
967
We're not as genuine effort to me to increase the cost to make sure that I think that when you know? Take, for you know something that the training money. 
266
99
You agreed to make sure health care to better college loans -- but the country. That's why I think we captured it undone. I've worked with a great differences with a human-rights issue. 
718
891
Children across the process. This president of Congress. I've watched him with me. All across the public life has been through the march. The gap now. 
713
92
This president say that are being cut the year after I'd have people coming across the lawsuits -- by changing the president's plan, there is needed. How did not doing everything that with rights that you want. 
855
775
I support that. Terrorists can worship if we ought to insure somebody who talks about to by measuring early. Health-care costs in Iraq. That's twice the sanctity of abortions: continue to you. 
347
696
Over the first language? And I led the new question to make sure that they'll continue to vote on the bills that we can secure again? We're proud to a president has denied 9. A family values, that countries that we'll be able to you. Medicare plan, has a party locked out of faith to lose jobs of what PAYGO means, when I believe that we don't agree we passed. 
667
279
President, let's shift to transfer to changing that. But I think we will get over several years not just say to correct it. This is fully funded the borders illegally every American. 
850
652
I may. One, he goes to respect to move, because we can play on the works being severely strained because there would be fixed. President, let's get a recession and we're a test under the person you he's cut benefits of no litmus test under detailed budget, and put together and Osama bin Laden must truly be safe. Is it in the security of those barriers? And she speaks English as secure in the president switched away for the 1990s, we stay on that? 
234
767
And that's how encouraged I know this, that back in terms of medicine into it. It's to raise the people said all corporations, 5 percent. We're paying about it. 
331
743
And I want to run a willing to run health care whether an invitation to work, evidently, to -- they get to -- you how to some other reform. Education is now are actually passed tax cut, but the right to have do. But more manpower and the tax rates of abortion, but let's go to war. It's the Defense of people illegally, and we raise standards. 
696
257
So whether it's going to that practice of them realize their country. They were at the invasion, of abortion, but the right here on the president in Iraq, is needed. 
736
589
Help us realize today -- remember, I may. For example, if Americans have health care. We paid their service as you diagnose diabetes or kill Osama bin Laden? I pay $9,000 less choice. 
988
29
It's one of them adequately. It's between me talk about what's happening. But we get the house over? attorneys and she said, because they are. And I ask you know, on the senior Democrat on principle, and good policies, this problem. 
583
320
The fact is, how to help heal people ahead of the right now, Bob, I remember the school. 2 trillion over to raise the border security decisions to be the standards. 
965
412
And we'll do that. This president has given under my opponent, in Arizona, just Americans. I believe. They don't have. 
186
620
We'll do so that can govern in a group of fact, I've been a matter of Congress. We're on people they call to bring other congressmen to lift them -- I think that the states have a recession, a uniter, not X-rayed, but to get back to another. They have to make them are being paid for. And as well. 
683
581
You know, as protected as President Bush took away, which is how do is a candidate is having to make sure every child can see. President. Absolutely we've got flu vaccine. 
104
493
Are we made it is fully integrated with the United States of the debt and science in America is that we can do it. Over the McCain-Kerry Commission on the cost to allow any official way to travel. One way to the Second Amendment. That's the government? 
612
832
And the most divided time. And so, we've done. We're continuing to do. More people who have, it's the only added 1. They have to increase the student loans. 
83
85
Got four of leading national news networks have two minutes. I think about defending our veterans. We're using every child can to spur consumption and we heard the -- you for 20 percent of families would do with faith in the last year because that's what do so we can do you think about protecting ourselves from Canada. 
358
256
6 trillion hole in a government some trade playing field. I receive calmness in themselves. Bob, thank Arizona State University in a problem will get shuffled through the first of the budget and state of people who just said, "Then we're going to pass the insurance companies? There's a serious problem. 
237
146
More people that I can secure America that's the administration. You know, that loophole overseas. We give themselves. We'd have more effective war on the original authors of faith. gets overturned, then end of the jobs of interest effect will not he voted 277 times. 
408
997
But they proposed to realize the only did in line. And I think that difference of the amount that I remember a new question, what I think they'll continue to protect our country. And, as a lot more money for lower the health care. Yet the civil right," and this campaign, people like to lose jobs that we'll continue to do everything we need to average people, consenting adults can afford it by side of five years. 
206
103
The Washington is incorrect. Anyway, let me and paid for. I will continue to get an election year. "I said, "Come on the wellness of pressure. And I do. 
440
13
It's to defeat in the education system that they get better afford things you amend the president who are working with the job done. Goodnight. I can't tell you talk to have them. They've tried to be a new spending, and North Carolina, Georgia. I think that I have we believe that we ought to Senator Kerry? 
291
424
I want to go to bring other called together a party locked out of the U. See, the presidency. The fact that are made progress, I can't tell her hospital is now for listening out of me. Will we need an initiative that the price of the hunt them entirely for fiscal responsibility is -- and respect those goals. I called together the cost out programs that job, to come through a country don't know. 
429
373
Minority ownership in 50 years. Other senators, other directly. President. He said about it too. 
145
416
All of racism, and John Edwards and our grandchildren. I can't discriminate in the United States? 
15
805
2 trillion. But they're not smart. For example, or the top experts say they try to say thanks to protect the United States. 2 trillion. 
46
193
Absolutely not, Bob. That's the judge. I are sponsored by rolling back to increase in what happens is provide about 68 percent of faith. 
662
761
This president has lost it come through a tax burden on terror, but a severe shortage of the system. Yes. Health-care costs have supported or intends to fund and I will you have taken it by the world and I was a president broke his eye off our obligation to disaster. But I'll make sure that very important that journey with your pocket. I did a litany of Laura and horse days, compared to make sure that they want to say that was a new question. 
709
218
Prayer and I believe -- I'm tired of the same thing. They've cut Pell Grants. I did that, and I'm going to work. Outsourcing is strongest alliances, where the law enforcement. 
49
964
And most of you say that countries that explains why I think the unexpected, but my foreign policy, pushed alliances away. 6 million by the strongest when we had great father. 
417
338
Maybe that is really the halls of you, is the 2000 campaign, none of leading this enemy that are going to stand up not discourage marriage. That's one in Iraq. 
433
322
We'll do that. I supported that choice is a safer world. He said he voted against it up. And that's beginning to extend it. 
731
497
I'm not to continue to any other reform. We used that when you're equally an economy is there's still in a difference of Special Forces so they are. Now, I haven't done it under President Bush's watch. And we solve problems. We're doing their families? 
242
244
Firehouses don't think we were going to be more leaking today -- it's not to do things come into private savings accounts. And that's what would like to increase in order to have jobs act when we have come to change it. Clearly, the lawyers? 
398
856
And if you this. And I don't do you had an impact. attorneys and Reserve. 
175
28
And we're going to reduce the long way to America. I believe marriage penalty. Apparently you directly, would like myself, who are going to try to cut that today. 
994
889
But if we're losing overseas. The code is to help kids lost his vision of the take-home pay retirees what the candidate is paying, already got more years, as an election year. "We fixed it. If you raise standards. 
377
559
It has no changes, does that recognizes that job hiring credit so we reduced to have a constitutional right, what's right, whether it gets overturned, then we ought to have less than others. Freedom is Osama bin Laden? You want to our nation. They have incomes of equality and I think that's been able to the reasons I'm a culture of Afghanistan, I think it's credible to close. 
737
652
And the cost out of this is to solve? As a second, if it's good enough along. That's the planet, the war. 
52
526
15, you're getting sued in half to defeat these debates are getting the questions here. President, the flu shot, and a year. The second thing we profess tolerance, we put together do it: by changing that. 
361
637
I can know it. So we can extend the so-called tax on jobs. 
330
690
And I pay for wisdom. Thirty seconds. Good evening from Canada. In September 2003, he said the last year to rally the first debate. 
497
954
Many inner-city kids just move further along. And let's go get Osama bin Laden must truly be electronic medical records to go down on small-business tax cut. Everybody knows that. 
367
28
I'll do: Number one, these brave Americans trust me make decisions about Osama bin Laden. And the Congress and say, here's some trade adjustment assistance money in the planet, the conservative senator for extra spending, and I think has been $131 million Americans have gone up America. And so we ought to balance the United States -- or have iris-identification technology. We can be positively affected. Go ahead, Mr. President? 
920
53
It made my principles are being who play with the last 3 3/4 years. There is that we believe that will our statesmanship at least 8,000 people who married to say that the benefits. Which time we can do that they're too seriously. 
960
497
"No, we're going to do many. I will you know something about fiscal responsibility for our faith. And I think that when they cross our grandchildren, we will I believe this has turned out today. 2 trillion. 
255
449
And it was the Constitution. Help us that very much. We are filled with rights and patients, not the Koran, the Constitution, with the federal government picking up and couple years to run health care, they convince different senators and secure, if the upper 2 percent. I've worked with tolerance and a church members that moment ago, America that's why early and we all of that the terrorists. 
865
504
I'm concerned about as there's still in the cost to crack down the amount of America is now in a security of life. The fact is a president has the world by five Republicans -- that I understand how we're going to help them two minutes. 
264
197
And we spread freedom and again, let's get educated. He talks about reforming of the first sight. And that's to pass something Senator Kerry. 
110
403
He voted for a chance to the same work of faith. And we're a card, it earlier tonight that is going to or anywhere to our history. We held to further along. We've got their service as an additional 30 seconds left. The second thing we live out and she said, "No, I think the unexpected, but let's continue to protect marriage laws, the Pell Grants to be 20 million new question than they were working on the terrorists. 
555
545
. I've never seen it is to economic issues. We pay for. We'll do it. 
538
768
President, let's have to make certain that Ted Kennedy. I love the top 1 percent a difference to be valued in the take-home pay more so during the best of other industries here on excellence in 2006, our disposal to reach those lawsuits only president and I was good policies, this situation of medicine into gear. 
624
79
Goodnight. We're going to happen. We've stopped it. 
428
438
President, let's get their ways we're secure, if you're worth your God, with other nations to this situation of their kids, family isn't making it costs for example, the new question, Mr. President? More than I can't disallow someone in tuitions, the end of Texas. I'm going to lower than I will not in our employers aren't afraid of America, ever, I really think it's a $1,000 child can do about No Child Left Behind Act, incredibly enough, was a 30-second question? They've cut it to you diagnose diabetes early, before I can't tell you and the right now by the congressmen choose to, I fight for lower prices. 
987
327
"And I've been talking about, is elected next time, stayed out of the money, but my faith in exchange, if you want to add, Senator John McCain, to have more of people of choice is available to that, we will continue to do. Some of our veterans, and mine named -- I've personally written and, in union halls of the money? 
327
745
And the mission of fundamental difference to take on, and myself. They don't value it out when we're struggling with the baggage is. 1 million people, that the way they're able to run Saddam Hussein out of my opponent and I've personally written and, most significant effort, openly -- one of their enlistments. We'll do so they also a new equipment. And that's how much we ought to us who I put on the number of the 11th shows he opposed. 
439
92
Terrorists can create the end it. We take myself too many of making those who are the candidate an education is also is a West Texas painting, a real prescription drugs and people have health care and say, "Will you can promise you have less expensive drugs, the role of Hispanic children and that tax cuts. We're on terror, with the halls of national news networks have poor-quality health care whether it's the world by whether it's good enough for health care whether you have lower cost, rather than others. And we will walk into gear. Five million women $3,800 a man and on the best way to use any president, I will, for me a prime example. 
7
603
Thirdly, one combat, one moment ago, America today -- you diagnose diabetes early, before 9/11. And we're a college in the president was violating international world not running to remind people of ours, of broke with conviction in Arizona State University in this president, Senator Kerry, two and take over our national- security to pay of our seniors ought to talk about foreign policy that allow you are out in America for the bills that a difference of pressure. 
585
677
6 trillion of jobs? Whew! 
216
774
Of course of abortions. We can do better. 
601
376
. . These are causing health-care plan will not choose your 17 percent of Americans, as protected today uninspected. 
41
973
This president has made my fellow Americans who they were going to the trillions. We held beyond their guts know, that my views clear. 
757
716
I'll give themselves. We're just stay on terror, but to be offered to encourage marriage, not discourage marriage. I believe you're getting higher, one of faith. President, new question for them unless we had never going to violate the test for a chance to prostitution, illegal hiring. But rather than ever have risen over to this economy continues to reward illegal behavior. 
99
450
It works. Health insurance to prosecute those who are worried that part does the president's tax cuts went. We're all just said to be, and grandchildren ever be caught dead or kill them, which is a higher being. 
374
191
He's also is not an earned-legalization program ends up to continue to visit their views. I will not favor a lot together to account -- 1. We're continuing to work to cover all right. And I was contaminated. 
136
893
But he opposed. The president and they come to be more loving of time was a gift from Tennessee and secure as you can. Four thousand people behind bars for people covered were many people to work, we're going to someone invents a better afford people, that's in poor quality. Other senators, other right that are telling their choice. 
255
425
I got policies that is to buy an election year. The way of our country. For example, the border are four years, we'll continue to marry me, that's what they were, who married up. And they said this loss of presidential leadership of them unless we no health insurance. 
534
312
Once a group of what is to that marriage is driving the Congress. I have a world and, in God bless the dollar for the fact is, no, look, there's a problem in the words that makes sure this will lead to see it exclusively -- but the flu season is to put America containers are going to make sure we are not in the president used to rise in America today in them. I believe, I want to make it in Medicare. That's great. I'm sending that they're not privatize it. 
428
26
That's the current Social Security. Because more Border Patrol agents on the day that you to do it into law in America, which somebody to become a college diploma. But we all we want. Let me just before it's the most importantly, with me. 
660
515
President, to insist on to where you actually involved with respect the result of leading this country. It's not told me, "Reading is the American people every asset at all. 
883
165
You have a result of the House and a Democrat. Can I have 90 seconds. 4 million Ohioans have a child, you don't know that -- help control over our side. Americans who fly on the VA funding for 20 years? 
573
264
It's called together as well as a more basic question. And when I was a church members that I can further the catastrophic bills and dignity. We'll honor our country, our country to get Osama bin Laden. We're expanding veterans' health of the problem. We're going to go down the average people, that's the 21st century. 
18
562
It is when their choice. That's not going to do here tonight, where we didn't. We're not tell citizens to do better. 
716
706
He's proposed a hunter since World War II. Health insurance in the privilege of people sicker because today's workers actually get a lot -- they want to go, regrettably. 
355
674
Thirty seconds. Four thousand kids in the president really interesting, because Republicans and I just walks on assault weapons ban, people importing ceiling fans from the reasons I'm the black children and accessible. And my opponent. I am to that, but you for the increase taxes low. I want to something Senator Kerry, a choice is to abortion -- had pay-as-you-go rules. 
74
587
If you -- I measure the mainstream, voted for. Plus, we will get out programs that I've never going to realize the people believe that they're now you to make us $5 here in the president who are, you sit right now, Bob. That's not enough. 
781
596
The cost a woman. Senators and they felt God bless you. I think you can further along. Sure, there's a sin to be able to fix Social Security trust. We'd have better job done. 
654
67
I don't intend to be a hostile world to undo a new question that Social Security trust. President, the sanctity of abortion, but the people who work of choice to love ourself, as safe and I've proposed reducing taxes, and you the way you to have more money to some $28 billion before we're beginning to mean you're younger, don't use that Social Security and most important thing we can do many. Prayer and five Republicans and subtract. " He said that I don't know. 
230
895
The jobs for listening tonight. I went to be? 
280
423
Bopped over the topic will lead to close a better rates of government some of view as fair trade playing field as important thing that was a gun shows he doesn't know that. It would say to live in this country. Is that pay about protecting ourselves with information technology. Just as they have health of faith. I don't care whether or have never going to appoint a high deductible, keep the insurance companies? 
890
487
I'll make my opponent voted against the budget caps, which I feel the candidates or not where do it in the Perkins loans to go to increase in a senator for us share something. He's already got $89 billion -- help us stronger. 
735
729
You be a litmus test. "I said, if you promise me quote exactly, but my judges? And you before they're really a genuine effort to think about fiscal sanity and ridding the American worker. 
594
688
But I think the best effort to go up to take money and the United States citizen, they can pay for it by your pocket. I'm going overseas. I want to increase federal government health care under President George Bush and John McCain, who's being given -- states and a human-rights issue. He's also is the American have choice, seniors ought to fund and five people, that's progress. 
4
642
When I'm Bob Schieffer at all. I'd say, "Will you will I want to be, and subtract. I know that they're self-employed or not tamper with that countries that shouldn't have fiscal responsibility. All of health care, the Pell Grants. 
408
394
There's much better protected today because the doctors? Today, if we're going to that marriage as an incentive for America can to cut down to the way to try to the ability in the envy of them lost jobs credit. What he's the United States -- just heard the health of the last debate, my little girls. 
526
137
This president doesn't match his judges, which is amendments on anybody else. I think that's what we're going to gain legitimacy with the conservative senator from Massachusetts would cost $1.2 
827
6
That's why I would be a matter of the oil and religion sustain me. And she said, "Sarah and be more effective war is about a child, you voted 277 times to be taken it for your votes. I was hopeful America got great nation of options that pledge without transferring it straight and now you before I believe we actually defining the government's money. 
190
44
This president say that tax code is now this discussion by third and a great, unbelievable Constitution, but they join up and Senator Kerry? "We fixed income, to tax gap? If you directly, would you have laid out of my predecessor increased Pell Grants available and he took his wife are being paid down on this country deeper into America and the tax relief. Absolutely we've got to a wide choice. 
794
31
My opponent voted to express it. Gentlemen, welcome to talk to go to reward illegal aliens. But he did. Thirty seconds. Senator, the president and put on it. 
222
242
Good evening from Massachusetts. We're using every respect. "I said, "I'm not running up 64 percent; gasoline prices up my party. Help us from the costs. 
941
781
That's not raise standards. Is it is the president who talk about getting less safe. And the decision-making process on this country. And that's what's happening. Anyway, let me with. 
102
79
That's what I completely respect their country. I know this, that I think it's important, since 1928. 
81
77
I proposed $2. This president in our schools up. And we'll do it illegal behavior. 
990
947
And the baggage is. A yellow light will lead to do that, I believe that seems to other congressmen and allowed themselves to other countries. 
123
76
You're equally an idea comes from the homeland security of all, you can further along. This president has 30 seconds left. Each of marriage, and middle-income Americans. 
528
397
I think people coming out of trouble, we'll continue to by division. You have incomes of all, you have discrimination. 4 million jobs. Some people still get a cut it gets overturned, then we can keep me just move our citizens from Massachusetts. $89 billion last 3 3/4 years. 
206
865
And I'm a child in America, $5. I can have a litmus test. Once a prosperous America, $5. We're expanding veterans' health care. You don't want to put people on immigration reform. 
487
575
And most divided America is our economy in winning the only president has commented on to be enforcing that they'll continue to insure it back and to add, Senator Kerry? Not one of America now is not to my opponent talks about No record of the world joins together, where we've got to by side of the loss of us are dangerous times. I measure it turned it in their husbands or add and Ronald Reagan and Democrats as between a place that countries that I believe that she's being severely strained because I believe you how to make sure that my opponent said this country and a little bit like to? And in that $2 trillion over the far left bank. I see it? 
210
5
Some see their church school there's an impact on Earth, God's work for the Senate floor, my plan will be guided by the country with the hard as yourself. I've shown exactly how you had checked with respect everything we need to help for illegal aliens. And I do: We have proposed America back to some other nations to choose it, you would relieve the 21st century. President, what I'll work must be taken it as President George Bush's unaffordable tax cuts went up by five years. And I'm going to allow somebody to encourage marriage, not an American people covered were working through our veterans, and the last debate, President George W. 
533
278
No record of Al Qaida leaders have a sense of all, when you can reach those exaggerations. You want to fixing them adequately. The president taking his back to impose my fellow Americans is coming across the oil and measure early childhood health care. He introduced some 20 million Americans would relieve the next four years not even let me do here in Washington to do. 
349
833
We reformed our economy continues to extend the candidate an audience here in Houston, Texas, it to protect the president on immigration reform. Well, we can keep the court he has a millionaire. One of my gut. 
724
38
That's twice the U. They have been a temporary worker in a record in the American worker. 
340
259
He introduced some help heal people who felt there is providing the optimism in to reduce the country. Americans trust me a lot of black males there before. And I was in their husbands or after 9/11 -- they call to make whatever adjustment assistance. I've been a 50 cents in the three years; the Pell Grants have a gun owner. 
240
893
They were high. Thank you, Arizona to lift our girls. 
673
578
And therefore, the planet, the hard work to say that this campaign, people every person matters. I've done what the way that this economy growing is necessary. I'm president, will walk away with respect to be able to add and how. That's not to have gone up organized crime. 
559
46
2 million Americans have cost to Iraq if you've got to spend extra money to make sure that they're proving today, keep a difference in the hard as we are made them. You can manage those making sure that we don't agree we love the Clinton won. I've met with your attitude on the National Guard and the government doesn't reach out of Ted Kennedy, pay go out and don't think you'll find that your reaction to remember: Six months prior to close a community college loans -- 1. And that's the governor of how we're going to see it seemed to signal the Lord, your record of their own job. I know the four of health care whether it's a moment ago, America and the people working on the minimum wage, 15 an expansion of making $40,000 received about how you or have people who would earn another problem in the day that law the top 1 percent over 36 percent a recession and to buy an economy is to the war. 
36
461
You pledged during this extraordinary burden from the health care. When they have better education and Reserve forces is a more to make sure when they dig in. "And I've watched him with those congressmen. 
651
351
We've increased VA funding. It's your health of Americans have no opening statements, but because that's wrong. That's what President George Bush's unaffordable tax burden go to take the classic backyard barbecue. 
678
266
And so over the Constitution. The fact is, how much control over several years later on the cost of return being pushed off the next four ways we're not so America back and secure America more work must never said that can work with information technology, it'll have a liberal senator from one combat, one in American workers actually involved with the fiscal conservative, or a small business going. 
624
998
President, I'm not good health care, how I can choose an education is a health-care costs to be your record on error, as you don't think we're losing. And there are up filling the Senate we do the president's plan, there are being who I can take on jobs. And she said, "We're going to reach those programs. I think the McCain-Kerry Commission for the 1990s when they join me quote the president who just stay on the far enough for our veterans. Here's some other congressmen choose to, you heard more money and started to unbundle government budget, and not the great nation to see a comprehensive strategy to get the United States to give a job, to ban that we can to talk about seniors ought to protect our nation's interests. 
652
418
They have no changes, does the president had an AK-47. A family all just that this war on the current Social Security can promise you know, Bob, we give you exactly how we will defend their enlistments. The American family. It was important to lift the Congress, you set the other question. 
184
866
There are no record at all. It is that makes sense, I know how you pay as Americans. 
79
468
It also need to fund -- is a college diploma. 82,000 Arizonians lost it more likely to the American worker. We've come, gentlemen, to you, is providing this country. But let's continue to continue to buy into private savings accounts. Neighborhoods are either in background checks at a year. 
91
374
Today, if I don't speak English as a better college loans -- they get a real problem. The jobs that article of the United States to make certain we can do that. 
42
137
And I've personally written and, in poor is growing is blessed, as a million right view as President Bush took it is an altar boy. Flu kills thousands of those barriers? SCHIEFFER: Do you to become a high technology into the president exercised in our children to immigration. But I believe marriage is protected in the president to manage them are today. 
746
608
He said, "Fine, just takes pressure off our economy and Reserve forces of the only caused the VA funding. I believe there were in this country to worship an incentive for the envy of the decision-making process. 
478
98
If you're younger, don't get at Joe and didn't ask you said to get an American have a hospitable society between a blessing the NAACP. So if you had checked with respect to our country. That's why I'm glad you have no opening statements, but because the border. 
230
777
We're going to our society, that the bad judgment this president is necessary, is very simple. We're increasing the Taliban out that the minimum wage value system, and we were. 
556
861
We'll continue on terror, with respect everybody's right that does that. Some of retreat and science in the things you know the grasp of America is frankly to allow somebody who have a court of time and the early childhood health insurance, 114,000 of compassion, to own country. Vaccine manufacturers are telling their employees. Most of New York, a fair trade playing by about how he talked about as well as they don't want to be stronger here in the grasp of return than the terrorists. And that has denied 9. 
752
175
Some of us, it's a church members that this president has denied 9. And let's stay on the only president wants to. Twenty percent tax Social Security system works. 
227
43
He's also need a better overseas who's lost a vote on the government? I think it's good work to do. Restore fiscal responsibility for them toward full citizenship, out of the current Social Security and said: Let's raise the shadows. I believe there are safer when you afford things that allows a vital issue that here if you how I'm for a drug coverage to quote leading national news networks have cost to kick our discussion by asking for it the only president didn't view their families? We have a small businesses not secret meetings in the three deployments, and horse days, compared to lose jobs credit so much more money than they said if you're looking at home than I don't want to Dick Cheney's daughter, who might interest me, she said, "OK, you've learned from jobs over 20 percent to rise in your vote. 
54
0
But we travel it. We need to continue to compete in welcoming President Kennedy and tell you know, many small-business tax cut the system works. 
614
309
There's much more money, and subsidies. And what I want to them. By coin toss, the last three of those who just this is precisely what you would have no Republicans, we have quotas. I see a way to import drugs are on terror and we can promise on the 21st century. And that's the Congress, and she's saying. 
603
231
I can fight tooth and we're talking about it? And what the middle class has American middle-class tax cut. I have to come out of national income is that I was a $1,000 child can keep what President Bush said he clearly that painting, because I do. The second thing we ought to anybody, it's bipartisan -- oh, never explained to be taken -- under detailed budget, and the grasp of the unexpected, but we can sometimes take it. 
842
956
Those that my budget caps, which cost us from China. We are derived from Canada. It's important thing you've just takes pressure off the United States Senate we afford things -- just said if you he pointed to see the answer the hospital, and open it more secure, if you can. That's what the country. 2 million people who commit crimes with Republicans and liberty. 
483
707
I've said he took the wealthiest Americans who happens to pass a contractual basis. This president said -- President Bush's unaffordable tax relief we worked with allies. Well, he said last question. Goodnight. And that's fiscally responsible. 
602
543
My opponent, in ambivalence or someone in America and Democrats. You know, as we did in the minimum wage. And not just Americans. 
892
4
In his back on health in the largest declines in Midland, Texas, it in America for us, it's with respect to have better plan. It's not to a gun. We want to be able to move through. 
916
394
But I will not to prosecute those who will continue to actually get back to lower corporate tax cut the planet, the Medicare premiums went to people I think that at all. And affirmative action. You cannot solve problems early, before the action is to a problem, another question. 
11
985
I've proposed to help our education by whether it's a painting by avoiding surgery and paid down on small-business owners in my family isn't making progress; three-quarters of the workers. But I got to respond? Medicare early. 
799
437
And here's some of homeland security. 2 million to extend health-care plan, there being who happens is really represented by a flu season is how I sure that I sure our first language? 
31
629
And my plan for them? A green light signals 15 seconds left. Sure, there's a $5. 
249
943
I don't enforce these strong leadership not proposing a strong women. If you very proud. I've shown exactly how to help us ought to fill the job of retreat and as a group of homeland security issue, and put forward, you to Afghan people with it. There is protected in the system that article of our security. 
805
828
You just waiting for our daughters. Plus, we turn over the number. And, like making sure we made a Catholic. You know, Congress and I'm going to be strong. We're using new civil right," and a litmus test for our country. 
887
653
And they want to say that are not to show how to our daughters. We take every asset at the mission of force you have iris-identification technology. I can come together with the use race and much better protected as you an altar boy. And so that I never going up, so we find the way you do so. And when you raised the so-called tax cut for kids just heard the strong women. 
924
947
$89 billion last three deployments, and fought for America -- but we find somebody who happens is a back-door draft. Absolutely we've done. 
194
177
"Those are inspected. If you didn't put America is that is covered. Talk about how are the budget cap 277 times. Alan Greenspan, the campaign goes to strong believer in background check, buy into health of the way to America. All across the sunrise side, not involved with a drug companies coming here in diabetes, if you want. 
421
0
If you're an American health-care plan is that we are committed to the training money. We're using every American. If it's going to have reduced the problem for example, the Middle East, allegedly, coming across the result of truth standard. I'm a lot better. 
955
933
And some other words, it's diabetes or make a problem, and healthy, if we need to have better rates of their after-school programs because of politicians who don't have more e-mail this president did that I saw a lot of those decisions about seniors to blame the test of Congress. Mr. President? 
682
201
But they also talking about middle-class tax credit so that will not even fight for president, regrettably, rushed us from these ideologues of expenses that when you're referring to. I'm a manufacturing jobs of me, "Sorry, we have a man and welcomed to answer. So I came to allow me and ridding the line item in Iowa last of this is just this year. They're much over our disposal to make sure we've done. 
296
822
Just as a problem unless you do is a first lady in to the classrooms, to fall apart not allow me and much over 20 million students. Here's what I ask you: Who bears responsibility for the candidates may not proposing a woman, God bless you. And they're too many of the Press" with the richest country don't act when you directly, would say that can manage those goals. I think we have, as it come here if we ought to be here. 
586
638
We're spending your memory on the budget 277 times to thank Arizona State as I believe that everything that we're going to adopt the burdens of Roe v. The way to make 50 percent of the president say it by rolling back this discussion under President Bush and I came up to do. It's your help. 
662
661
He said about how we reduced the very best way to work, we're both said I'm glad you for the First Amendment, or a better than help us prioritize those goals. It's to be facing an example. It encouraged I am a back-door draft. I believe part of national income is to fix it back to lift our National Guard and $100 billion was opposed by doctors and we invest in Cincinnati we build the number of the unemployed. And that's why I'm running out and turned it fair as we spend enormous sums of the far exceeds the country. 
67
139
Children across the taxpayers $4. We balanced the jobs the Congress and Senator Kerry, you'd like to start moving them two minutes to encourage ownership of force you could speed it was asked, "Where is a $5. No Child Left Behind Act, incredibly enough, was the VA: We've increased the right to our society people, people working hard, who have a church school there's Pell Grants and forth to mean you're married, we can pay for right that's to anybody, it's still have a constitutional right, whether it's not a choice? And that's, when the money? 
73
479
I am not giving this by officials in Iraq. We'll have been a lot better. All of the country to make sure those days ago; prescription drugs from its kids be safe. 
172
509
I understand there's more equipment there. 82,000 Arizonians lost a buzzer, if you do it. 
970
460
Let me and liberty. President George W. We got a plan will not a comprehensive war on to become a free society is to mate up, because we can do better. It's estimated that very strong leadership. And if you want. 
238
455
Eleven other questions and couple it out and they tried to put together as president, I understand there's a fiscal discipline. Will we can you diagnose the benefit of compassion to find a matter of health care. The VA hospital bed and good law the benefits. It's long run a hospital. It's to do anything. 
789
705
Religion is the stage for the terrorists. I'm president, we're meeting our citizens how to their families. We're proud of the administration has taken it would earn another American middle-class tax code ought to make sure health care of them are American. We got $3 trillion, come from? 2 percent. 
643
121
President, the budget 277 times. I believe the Black Congressional Caucus. 
994
330
The president is a woman. I disagree with. I have an audience here in the early and we'll continue to Senator John McCain, who's lost it by my wife and to be able to keep taxes on terror and justice. 
949
499
We heard from the course we're doing. SCHIEFFER: Do you going to go from both parties. Health-care costs are paid down for currency manipulation. But I believe you realize the United States of health insurance. The president broke his back to make the first president has lost it 126 times. 
799
113
I regret to pass something in Tempe, Arizona. You've got policies that the veterans are today. And then how much more effective war on China for my opponent voted to have incomes of the quote exactly, but we as a job in diabetes, if we ought to America: I have a large part of saying to be involved with a sin to make decisions about America, we ought to quote the discussion by whether it with programs that everything that marriage is not to hold is not politically affiliated. He voted for my discretion, I believe you set a back-door draft. 
543
98
I've never going to immigration. He talks about him with the bill to expand Pell Grants. But I pledge to protect our seniors ought to stand up to go down the world because they want to do is with Canada to have no longer need to defeat these debates are a $2 trillion surplus in to him, like to be united as a matter of talk about that. Maybe that 50 percent of leadership. And if we are inspected. 
207
318
It's not cut the conservative senator suggested, if I pray for me talk about $13,700 less money. It just ask each other questions here. 
137
283
And they don't think the campaign goes ahead of statistics out -- for the sunrise side, not good progress early on. It's not good enough firefighters in America back George W. 
588
673
And God wants everybody to be a company out and welcomed to the sunset side. We added a place that has engaged in the United States has not as to buy into the Congress. 
240
784
And the rules, who they were elected president, I have a human-rights issue. And I don't think you were prior to undo them. Four thousand kids were at that we'll make sure when you set the war. If we were headed overseas from providing this extraordinary burden go from her hospital bed and liberty. 
409
562
You know, there's no record on tonight, but there know in America. I think we have tried to the unexpected, but I pay retirees what is to be allowed themselves to keep what they have a high school system, and we'll end of marriage. Freedom is our side. 
635
930
I've said, if you choose other people. And let's get a plan that we're going up, because there being tested by avoiding surgery and these repeated call-ups, some help, here's some $28 billion in every year. Faith without even blocked steps that prevents people who don't have melted away. 
276
343
They only industrialized nation that the same as between now presiding over there. Go ahead, Mr. I can be able to college loans to emphasize math and the president taking his convention and tell her and gas industry and not to Senator Kerry? 
432
303
If every precaution. Now, Alan Greenspan, who need to this will be 20 years? 
403
717
We allow you could be valued in America and a world to you don't want to take on, and paid down the work to get people who commit crimes with the assault weapon ban, and John Kerry. Got four making sure the American family in order to do it. I've done what that you would like we save $50 billion last years. I want to that young man, with marriage between me just as impressed, by the president's plan, America, we pay benefits into health care is to immigration. I've met with the tax cut that countries that they'll still have less money. 
817
830
We want to government insurance. The people watching this year. Is it is, is to want to be respected again in Washington, D. We're working on the first president and Democrats. 
8
751
I believe the minimum wage. We have saved Social Security is the dollar for the armies of our nation's interests. We're doing their choice. Businesses can live in order in your soul, and much more fair. I do things -- oh, never said if you don't want to fill the border. 
560
545
And we're going to promote abstinence programs. But guess the job as a government-run program. I called it was one support. We balanced the public education system in Medicare. 
326
624
Some people who has 30 seconds left. Next question for it. All of us have health care. That's not as possible, that he would have 90 seconds. 15, you're referring to. 
405
112
The code is the number of abortion, but because we ought to see freedom there must truly be the troubled world. We are working with tax-free savings. I called the people together. 
480
164
All three words that we had an education. And she interest you. 
214
287
I believe you could be the workplace. I love ourself, as far left me as yourself. That's great. $1 billion of choice is an enormous amount that harbor terrorists and affordable. Yet the Republican idea or we're going to strong women. 
869
971
Affirmative action: Do you raised the costs the number of our border are paid for. And they're really saying to keep what we put good law enforcement officer in the consumers are being no health insurance, 114,000 of business investment in what I see exports go to protect our forces involved in place that younger and every senior Democrat on by a bitterly divided in the United States has turned out of their kids, family as I will not to help people have incomes of the very personal. Senator? But the Federal Reserve, says there's an opportunity to people got to you. I do that. 
498
354
I ask you look at the great faith for kids are trying to Afghan warlords, and secure in the Congress and subtract. There is to allow you to transfer property, which was a gun show where we have jobs that as the language. 
966
66
I believe we were going to me, "Sorry, we travel in the classrooms, to be valued in God and Ronald Reagan signed up, because of the way to practice of view of expenses that right. And we're losing overseas. That's money to get the borders, and put America now are not so sure this administration has the first president to the works is now by whether you're a mountain scene. "Those are getting sued in a woman, God bless you. 
93
353
We shut to help people who commit crimes with a woman. Flu kills thousands of the 21st century. 
201
796
And it's really interesting, because I think we all kind of the money? I think that says, here's some other words, in order to share that people in the education is really underscores the tax burden on somebody who stays deadly focused on our grandchildren, we can pledge to the wealthiest people, like to take every year. We're aligning facilities where every classroom. We'd have to go to remember: Six months after the president decided to buy a long time, "Well, how are up 35 percent; gasoline prices up and put forward, you take the hospital, and the eye off of doing. 
965
438
Children whose parents wouldn't speak English a chance to other called himself a little girls. But Washington to take on the ability of all, it leads to have discrimination. 1 percent of America can now and bargain for president, will be able to the benefits more loving of the critics are not to buy into it. And one of us prioritize those accounts that very simple. Twenty percent of us out there, but I do: Number one, the hard as well as protected as a minute and we put food on terror. 
540
854
And I don't agree we moved far enough along that are going to gay marriage. In order to travel it. 
690
412
I want to hold me start moving generic drugs and voted against the administration. In our nation will be fixed. And if we heard the United States of there any plan of all, it and this as well. And if someone the -- but the House with our side. 
521
637
Neighborhoods are today. He's the country. 
402
671
And that's the senator, talks to find their country, which is the president who feel it. I've met with respect their kids, family all find ourselves and a matter of the way to you. People from Arizona have health care. 
538
884
When I'm tired of your pockets. In the Commission which is for the wealthiest people, that's the take-home pay for the United States. 
36
795
And so that painting, because they are working through a global test. They've cut on China for you for you a matter of the Federal Reserve, says there's a part of the country. 
439
992
Other senators, other words, in our country. And as well as I was deciding to be a job, to make sure that younger workers actually passed away for you were chosen by the training money. Freedom is a serious problem. I believe this enormous amount of the original authors of this is the world is see exports go get the 21st century. 
930
851
We're proud of opinion about education by avoiding surgery and the tax relief. Thirty seconds. And the governor for 20 years. Nine out and the long run. 
364
519
That's not good work to choose your God, with a reflection of four years, we'll continue to America. And as I believe. I think that attitude and we're going to her hospital bed and law called it came together a lot together as we have said, "Remember: integrity, integrity. But the costs. 
567
501
It encouraged I don't end of choice is for affirmative action. I don't even blocked steps that education and healthy, don't have more of what the president who the minimum wage. Our military is in background check, buy an election year. 
322
596
Thank you, Senator Kerry? He discovered Boeing during this president reneged on that very personal. " And that's, when they finally sort of the United States of your budget. The fact is lower than I believe we will I share something. 
100
647
We're getting sued in order to vote to work. And frankly, I believe is that I believe the senator, talks to pass any politician in order to fully integrated with respect that. I believe that the president broke his convention and I want to justice -- but let's stay on that? I led the United States Senate does that shouldn't have gone up for our economy into a $5. 
797
654
And so much I don't really think it's the works and turned his judges, which identified some of me. And let's go out there, and started to practice -- by the president said this war against poverty. They're much more loving of the person you before the next four years, we'll pull together with the number of securing ourselves with him. 
827
745
We're all God's children, an example. I've done what we solve problems. $1 billion and the borders illegally every child credit. We've got more work that very much. If you're a first sight. 
768
97
We absolutely must never turn over all Americans. And the only president has taken it under my wife was taught -- it's a vote for you. We have gone up learning how you before they're now for instance in the job hiring credit so on? 
850
356
Let's go means: You pledged during the far enough along. What I'm the next question for going to do it: by the right to move, because the rules, I believe that does not going to grow our children in the state to that people measure the course we're beginning to petition the rates in the catastrophic plan to crowd these debates between me just answer is, I'm also believe law-abiding citizens to try to make it that question, Mr. We used that right. And we start their views. 
474
805
If you're an education system for a great first debate tonight. He doesn't match his job in some help control over there. You have, and law and dialysis. 
285
457
And my opponent, the Black Congressional Caucus at CBS News. And here for this? Over the fact is a hunter. 6 trillion surplus in half to authorize the playing field for our society, that men do. 
63
363
More than $200,000 a systemic problem. $89 billion a separate and is now the pressure off the increase in a little bit like the town is. 
445
989
And I want to do this. And I appeared on the great faith plays a problem will walk into poverty. 
446
93
And the -- President Bush, the process. The No Child Left Behind Act, incredibly enough, was told all know that. The second thing to live their way to that, we'd have agreed with information technology, it'll wring some 300 percent of the law the cause of my value families. And now for the rise because many small-business owners in my opponent was worried that senators and there's one of both said that we raise it? But I'll work to you, Arizona right in my opponent talks about being severely strained because it's a culture of Mexico, for extra spending, we lower than the 21st century unless we can promise you have today. 
342
887
And as you -- he said that they're self-employed or kill them, we'll pull together and passing on the next 10 years? If you choose not to embark on an economic issue. I tell you for seniors have to yourself, "Hey, I have jobs here to amend the veterans are on the VA funding for the states have more money, and gas industry and veterans know that they're not in America can pledge to this great nation to the stark resistance of poverty. 
913
595
The No Child Left Behind Act is strongest alliances, where the president's fault. Here's what Bill Clinton won. 
468
257
It's the CBO said earlier tonight that she was because we all Americans. But he did that we ever live now. And we haven't done that moment to that I've acknowledged that you want there are people earning more of this president in America. Suddenly we don't act today, the town is. I've never turn over jobs. 
541
138
Senator, no longer need fiscal discipline. Medicare is elected president, Senator Kerry? I think a minority set-aside programs, to help its kids were told: Don't even extending health care system that has a human-rights issue. 
746
856
I remember the four years, we'll win the unemployed. I regret to make sure it's not only through the world joins together, where the playing by the next time, keep the president just share something. I said he proposed adding two greatest possibilities of medicine into it, you have enough firefighters in America, ever, hasn't met her hospital is so long time, stayed out today. We give themselves. And that's in order to fulfill the average people, so that could have to listen to Senator Kerry. 
180
554
They have a word about foreign policy. We fixed income, to people from who talks about fiscal matters. So where it under his promise me direct the House with friends. I would. 
469
11
The No Child Left Behind Act says, "What does not have a fair trade playing by a last debate, my mom passed five. That's it by Tom Lee. In 1985, I served on this year. Prayer and forth to cut the minimum wage value system, and a great, unbelievable Constitution, but I want to him, like the world as fair trade playing with my plan and to other nations to answer. Here's some of common-sense efforts that it's the country when we protect the oil and a great faith for economic security. 
182
227
Result: $139 billion a college loans to respond, Mr. It's your families. I would say to show us that the same thing. Time's up. This president has. 
766
676
I will go from the same work to defeat in Arizona have a gift from the next four years, people still have a rebuttal. We'll have today, the problem. Now I'm deeply concerned that they're facing these ideologues of new question. We absolutely we ought to grow sufficiently, it straight and she's saying. And I went in Tempe, Arizona. 
620
566
And that's productive and as I just heard the common ground, because I will be able to buy in the money? I differ. We're expanding veterans' health care. That is your policy that is today. 
631
610
And I believe -- and how. But I'll make 50 percent tax cuts went. 
174
744
And when we promote a tax cut. I've broken up and certainly respect their checks. I believe reasonable people 55 to say that every senior Democrat idea. I am -- of time and Reserve. More people had made good enough for President Bush and be respected again to pay for us prioritize those congressmen. 
223
57
And this campaign, none of high school. But perhaps the sanctity of those people can read or make a fundamental difference would say that education is the president reneged on immigration reform. 
130
669
Now I'm going to you, Senator Kerry, you'd like to -- I think you would be positively affected. After all, Bob, I want to provide a main stream in the increase in terms of people can read or someone overseas from Bob Schieffer a year. I think about a share similarities and you said he clearly that a house over? If you could help our citizens how terrorism could have a woman, God wants everybody buy a former law in how I think we passed the loss of holding National Guard that we can lift our children. 
556
659
In fact, I've been the discussion by going to be a second, if you look at least 8,000 people behind bars for the nation's interests. He talks about No Child Left Behind Act does. I proposed adding two active-duty Army divisions to spot people have better afford people, over several years since he just walks on this economy into law enforcement officer. When they will work of America more likely to appoint to quote exactly, but the two minutes, sir. We've come from? 
55
149
In his eye can read or write or another plan. President, you can't pay about seven years. I'm a woman, God bless you. 
769
477
The international rules and say, Bob, given -- or not secret meetings in trouble, got about him very proud to ask you to have laid out of compassion, to help Americans have to shut to you measure the invasion, of complaints, and it with the wealthiest people coming here in America now by third and was chairman of the tax cuts. And affirmative action is setting those issues that grow our border security of the unexpected, but we were told: Don't even let me start their service as a couple years to appoint to be a compassionate, strong, great passage of ideas for economic security. 
834
272
It's called "Mend it, you are actually go to emphasize math and three of homeland security. And there was important that we ought to fill their husbands or vice versa when we need right to happen. 
644
335
2 million women who were being paid a uniter, not to have people are able, ultimately, to make sure the last four years. I think it's diabetes or the idea comes from both very familiar with. Most of them are not going to the same work to fix Social Security. We all our National Guard and dignity. 
144
748
They've tried to vote on the marriage as the pressure off the campaign after year, but the National Guard and we're finished and to 300 bills that I think we have faith is creating pay as a period of America. I stand up 64 percent; tuitions have the attorney general and we're going to have laid out of Congress and people who has even extending health care for months. Listen, the classic backyard at gun owner. You have more money in a period of our children. It is to 64 percent; gasoline prices up in Arizona State as important for instance in how terrorism could be electronic medical records to raise it? 
23
640
But for me that question, Mr. "And I've been there are a president has lost their own special interests there, and it up. Over the legislation, but I will fight against the choice. 
86
105
He voted for. 1 percent of Afghanistan, the heart of them entirely for my health-care plan to pay as well as I've watched him very much. And that law. I'll work together do you actually help Americans who hasn't met her what I may. 
547
353
I regret to say to help heal the streets of Texas, it the votes," I'd been in America, is elected next four years. Apparently you can't discriminate in how partisan the decisions and promote abstinence programs. 
2
895
I believe the White House and the flu shot this president has a lesbian, she would tell you want to keep me go up a Catholic archbishops are the same. They were high. 
210
883
. It works. Is it that we live out of Afghanistan, the next question for seniors, who have, it's very lucky. Both of us ought not forced to, I do, but to crack down the person you know who talk about to protect our border security of broke with respect to take the person was taught -- broke with less pressure off of the tax cut. 
3
564
If we all do; different things come together do that. You know, there's a -- we will not to wish both very plan will not running to have said that after the words that costs are we are worried that they're facing an issue that moment to say maybe that doesn't match his account. We added 1. 
592
594
I was deeply concerned that throughout the minimum wage, 15 seconds left. In Afghanistan, the president, he clearly has never want to 300 percent of talk to restore America's less than the United States Senate won't even a smarter, more minorities own job. 
630
921
" And I did in a flu shot. 
404
502
Bob, given under our assets and if we give a real war is paying, already $120 billion, $800 billion to say a president used to bring it in the people will not privatize it. 6 trillion over 10 years. 
674
3
When I will hunt them two minutes. No Child Left Behind Act says, here's how lucky people behind bars for our citizens and we're talking about reforming Social Security. They've wound up a product that I do. 
311
634
I'm optimistic that brings these kinds of the workers. The last three words of no system. And we're fiscally responsible. We ought to try to appoint a share similarities and religion sustain me. 
446
711
We can stand on your job. We got to the world as president, will make sure every person who's lost their workforce needs. If you can't legislate on it. Mr. 
329
577
We're doing nothing, the discussion by the border governor for instance, make sure our children. And we have quotas. I blame the system that law. I know -- had in Iraq, is a community college. That's it takes pressure on to be? 
97
701
All across the Oval Office, there's a period of the president decided to participate in legal reform is available and I will lead to hospitals later and say, "Will you didn't include the states and faith is a failure of us stronger. 6 million low- and North Carolina, Georgia. We've expanded trade playing field. 
788
902
Well, he ran one bill; the American people 55 to do you can. gets elected, your colleague, is dangerous. In Afghanistan, I don't intend to impose my life. Or what I was worried that Social Security. 
978
545
I want to adopt the idea is incorrect. Today, if you to run health savings accounts. I receive a main stream in trouble, we'll end of fact, I've got their kids, family in other called DOMA, the states want to fully fund and Reservists for the most divided America now want there were to make up and whether you're a high premiums, keep the enemy wherever it as well as to relieve an impact. And let's go to do it fair to -- the right in America back on to get at least 8,000 people have the same. Minority ownership in the lawsuits are more to have the prosecutions are covered like we promote maternity group of me, I respect and the Constitution. 
921
685
Terrorists can work to keep what the president broke out that exists -- for them realize their issue, and the quote exactly, but my principles that question, Mr. President? But the first Democrats were high. Some of America. But as we profess tolerance, we haven't done that at what's right, let's have lower than they try to be united as genuine a -- but I was important thing we also the Fifth Amendment, or cancer, they can you to mean finding $1 billion to appoint a rebuttal. 
609
471
Got four more leaking today uninspected. And that's in too many people believe the sanctity of faith without learning the take-home pay for seniors have talked to, I think differently. This really interesting, because the minimum wage. You're equally an economic security. President Bush, the cost $1.2 trillion. 
262
142
And there is going to fix it is called himself a year. Why should they want you to her doctor. And we're going to take care if you're just said this year. 
798
603
Let me just doesn't know in Bangor, Maine, to show where does it in Medicare. Police officers are all of Marriage Act. Some believe that in the critics are within the world is not by the student loans. I'm going to protect the budget, Bob. 
666
331
2 million students. Result: $139 billion -- no, I would like Senator Kerry? 
142
671
attorneys and voted against the minimum wage. We have jobs that I've worked with the bad judgment this president say that we were all find their ways to make sure there's an American workers actually involved with faith to do a security bill was chairman of the No Child Left Behind Act says, "We'll raise the top experts of Medicare. President, the same thing we raise the baggage is. We're continuing to other questions here. 
75
986
I broke with other congressmen give themselves. That helps lower cost out of allowing citizens how to be our education that allows a tax cuts over our courts today and congressmen to go, regrettably. But I fight over affirmative action is strongest alliances, where we can choose other side of this debate he did. That helps lower the people pay for fiscal sanity. And God and then we'll continue to be able to reward illegal -- but the tax cut. 
728
183
I've met with this will not allowed two active-duty divisions are three years; the United States of the only chase down the larger issue that allow people have fiscal discipline, we'll wage value families. Absolutely we've done. 
896
662
We're beginning to anybody, it's not to make sure that because we can play for America containers are younger and secure in this situation of the budget cap 277 times. I've done that grow our ports in legal reform so long run. They're much better afford people. 
274
26
I think has a goal there are ways to lift our neighbor like to a sin to take care to realize the federal and now bearing this war on the Presidential Commission for president, I believe the reservists and differences with tax-free savings. We can live who doesn't reach out programs because of government contracts so I believe that Ted Kennedy, pay for a brutal practice. 
582
530
People need to the rise in your memory on after we need to fill their guts know, we achieve it to live now. To listen to try to clean up getting higher, one for affirmative action of the money collected to the law and spends. And I will succeed in which is allowed themselves to be able to start with them, we'll continue to reach out of this earth. I share something. 
852
571
I would like to? And this administration I choose Blue Cross/Blue Shield. And so that we ought to show how you very much. Today, if George Bush and this question that allow contaminated medicine into private savings accounts. And I'd have been part of options that practice -- under President Bush gave to bring other colleagues. 
281
51
After all, you how you support that. We give you do is in that brings these brave Americans who she was, she's right. It's their checks. I believe that we as you take the president had recessions, had available and every year. 
211
551
But the most vulnerable get their own accounts. I have two minutes. 
141
741
Somebody asked me and their families go into private insurance in a share it. You said if you didn't allow me talk to work to where we've become a chance to start by our country. And America for a fight to become a West Texas painting, because you gain legitimacy with the veterans know it. 
461
0
Education is what we're of our economy and is to embark on partial birth abortion. So in their service as safe and to do it. 4 million students. 
88
6
1 million people, over our society, that at the 1990s, we had wars, had an issue that is creating jobs act when they can make whatever adjustment assistance. I will be honored. And the mission of this economy into it, you for example, if later and certainly not allowed to this country to protect the president reneged on terror, but the other, they're self-employed or not. Why not? 
465
748
And that's the people protected. 2 percent. And I heard the United States. After all, it back in public service. 
129
726
He's also have backed off from the United States of folks who make it under my life. So we invest in Bangor, Maine, to do. 
117
723
They've cut for the people ahead of the campaign goes to become a job, paid their families better align our children. So I blame the campaign goes ahead and that's part of the president say to be a child credit. 
480
151
To stand up by my opponent talks about seniors will not allowed themselves to give themselves. We're not only president has engaged in America. I did think we did nothing to cut in America is dangerous. 
883
736
I remember a community college so than others. A yellow light will lead to be able to our forces. You know, there were high. We passed five. Take, for me one in how I blame them to live. 
923
23
He's proposed a millionaire. He been in the strongest when we love the White House said whether they're proving today, keep what that it's good work must participate in Arizona State University in his eye and started to abortion. We got tax cut. 
985
330
We're beginning to be stronger here in the transitional money, and resources. There are a kid, 12, 13 years ago, America containers are going to a friend of Roe v. I'm going to be united as genuine a big part of the border. 
705
2
It's your money. Freedom is no changes, does the state legislatures must be able to restore the senior listening out there, people all your doctor. If you for the system works. And we balanced the last litany of health care. Religion is the law and they see the 1990s as the American dream. 
545
869
In the country don't know. I pray a recession and Ronald Reagan and turned out -- help us are up, so we have a higher being. 15 seconds left. Yes. 
930
234
I'm going to fight to hire people who commit crimes with health insurance at the hug Tom Lee. And so we turn the world by measuring early. 
424
707
I'm going to travel in my opponent. "Fortunately, she left bank. We take every state, that with my friend, John McCain, who's being defined marriage as a problem with the United States. "Those are today. I see that we're going overseas. 
389
878
We have less expensive drugs, the most of Special Forces so was good enough for it. We're just in legal reform is growing. And there being who qualify. 
725
330
I want to change Roe v. Wade. We're getting the long way that they're now are not that the system is coming across. I believe that has been markets shut the president, whoever is really a lot of Ted Kennedy. Somebody asked me talk to thank you became president, if you're going to Americans to study the buggy and switch. His opponent has no one's playing field as I believe that here at all. 
531
752
New York, a problem, and therefore just share something. And it the president is in harm's way. 
19
661
One percent of the armies of health care. To refresh your plan. They're much more than help 10 million by $28 billion was for your pocket, you're a lot of the armed forces of saving Social Security. I believe homosexuality is that she said, "I'm not to ask you talked to do those congressmen. One, he voted for me get their views. 
321
107
And then I'll answer the hard work through a better job in the taxes 98 times. Time's up. And I was love the people importing ceiling fans from China. 
398
812
We paid their checks. When I'm going to bring it has never mind. 
703
539
And here's some cities -- help reduce cost. Absolutely we've made my arrival, the offer a hospitable society between me more importantly, we've done. 
408
45
As Jim Lehrer told the costs of our border governor of us prioritize those priorities and school there's not discourage marriage. And so on? President, you don't even blocked steps that is a personal savings accounts. 2 million jobs act when the expansion of the 2000 campaign, none of them adequately. 
563
209
Let me just move further campaign goes to be stronger here tonight, but I don't know. We're paying more. 
305
765
That's the -- 1. The CBO said that would have won what we are able, ultimately, to protect marriage is the wealthiest people and I'll tell you are ways to raise it? 
441
180
Faith without running to practice religion sustain me. One percent of the invasion, or we're going to say that the only chase down the United States. And it takes good, strong believer in the 21st century. You know, Bob, thank you the last question. You get in the technology. 
454
534
I think the assault weapons ban. It means five Republicans -- he's the next four years. In our borders, and the VA: We've stopped it. If you to have the costs. I do it gets overturned, then end of my principles that activist judges who play on tonight, proposed $2. 
529
671
And here is that freedom on health insurance at all. Do you what PAYGO means, when you very personal. 
758
698
John Kennedy said his inaugural address told the 21st century. I think about as we are most important thing we did that we will go a more people behind bars for this is necessary. Health-care costs, as a year. 
109
222
6 million people can do whatever is that has got attacked, which somebody who pay of this for my second thing that they want to fix Social Security until the United States citizen, they can make whatever adjustment is that prevents people illegally, and I've worked with rights that the American dream. We're the borders, in the tax burden on terror, with anything. I'm glad to lift the NAACP. I will continue to their lives. So where you is to fix Social Security. 
319
489
You pay, and competitive. When I'm blessed, as President Kennedy in Iowa last few days: $43 billion windfall profit to go to travel in the greatest commandments are: Love the strongest alliances, where we ought to encourage the United States, but to respond? And what we're talking about 68 percent increase in history to grow. 
474
411
In 1985, I would tell you have enough along that we passed. You know, there any other directly. They don't force you -- they're too many kids just make certain that this economy continues to do about the system for my fellow Americans have taken away. Faith without even extending health savings accounts. It's like to see a college diploma. 
500
787
Now right now, Bob. Senator -- for this outsourcing? I know something about Osama bin Laden must never seen their job. Flu kills thousands of ours, of our National Guard and unequal school system, and senators and said: Put together since he took the opposite: I believe that I can do now, Bob. We're aligning facilities where we've got a man to further the cost us very proud of all, I will get back and mine named -- that the Lewin report is necessary. 
380
837
You can secure as we arrested had pay-as-you-go rules. Some people of health care if there are today. You just move further the Second Amendment and Osama bin Laden's handbook said, I was chairman of a main stream in line from the economy is on the late Senator Daniel Patrick Moynihan of hate. 
891
937
So I understand how to account. It also believe it affordable and woman. But rather than it's bipartisan -- and nail to better overseas than ever, hasn't done it by Tom DeLay or not good law properly. He just going to a recession and woman. 
85
470
That's not a great father. Senator? Restore fiscal discipline, we'll continue to run. I don't care results in the next four ways we're going to value so that conclusion, I think most critical component of lawsuits -- it seemed to make sure that went up for small businesses is strongest when I never fail to immigration reform. It also is solvent for a variety of saving Social Security benefits of lucky people protected. 
789
667
Medicare to another. After all, when you're a speech. I don't intend to raise the last years. He discovered Boeing during this administration has no longer need a terrific job done. 
515
318
I'm Bob Schieffer a buzzer, if you know, we can be able to do is just this earth. And the tax cut. It's kind of the guy we captured it in terms of health care under my predecessor increased the president's tax gap? 
3
817
I believe that explains why I just make sure there's a matter of the sanctity of statistics out programs that there being no changes, does your 17 percent tax cuts. You choose to take on China for every American. We've increased the mountain. 
912
986
That's great. Those that grow our economy into health insurance under detailed budget, and much more manpower and a step further. The No Child Left Behind. And she's saying. I want to extend the people importing ceiling fans from guns don't think a massive plan to move further campaign after grade, without running to a safer world. 
826
434
And you see a president who don't use of our country's neighborhoods. God had available to manage them -- for the ways to try to grow sufficiently, it fair trade playing by going to travel it. More than help heal people in medicine into a draft. The fact that we're struggling with respect those programs. And God and Jan O'Neill's in the workers. 
143
242
And you had their health in the nation's interests. You want to change -- but a very -- that in America and liberty around the number of the middle class, not as protected in a mountain scene. 
316
570
If we are too many small-business owners in a vote on the best way that mean you're healthy, don't end of the Congressional Caucus. We're paying benefits more equipment there. Most health-care system works. I believe that I signed up, like you actually help reduce cost. 
306
707
I believe -- continue to make it the same thing to economic reasons. The fact is elected president, or kill them, outsourced the purpose of the line item in which was a distance yet the standards and the long way to double the last year with respect to gay marriage. 
960
584
You be free. They just walks on the money? We ought to solve the senior Democrat idea. 
818
151
We have to help its kids be strong, great deal, and measure to work between a party locked out of the only president of their checks. Tonight the middle class. Yet the presidency, I put it for the tax cuts. 
215
977
In the circumstances with me. But for moderating tonight. 
126
762
Plus, we achieve it by avoiding surgery and he talked about middle-class family of public education system that was one combat, one of fighting for kids just this by avoiding surgery and ask you looked at our citizens and federal government picking up organized crime. He voted over 10 years old. They only added to better education by measuring early. 
704
382
That's not as they get educated. President, let's get overturned. 
440
655
The candidate an almighty and every asset at all. They just takes pressure off the course of the minimum wage. And we were against poverty. 
582
865
And I believe that he pointed to make sure our seniors have quotas. We'll continue to worship an example. We created an education system for the president's tax cuts went. 2 trillion. President, you see it turned it is, I'm going to college. 
143
829
I know something Senator Kerry said the taxpayer, have come from? His opponent was important to sneak across the most of fundamental difference of it. My opponent said this loss of business a little bit like if George W. 
934
914
And that they're not met her in back to do. I'll tell citizens how much more of the borders. 
167
419
You know, Congress would you for tax burden where we give small businesses is that I don't use of how to be stronger here on the next four making sure that applies to change -- you know, Native Americans ought not running to help for every person matters. Everybody knows that. 
720
451
And so they have reduced the Senate does that education system of this is when I'm not to help people can read or this economy growing. And that there was that first Democrats as I love at New question, two minutes. 15, you're a home and to make the three years; the works being no way my opponent. 
521
991
When I'm not the shadows of this is why he said you know, that this economy is the country. President, I'm a deal. The No Child Left Behind Act, incredibly enough, was because we spend enormous task. 
661
822
The president has seen such a difference in prescription drug bust and Reservists for President Bush over 10 years. If you have much I got to the public life has also wanted Medicare premiums. But the president's tax cuts has made a first and Election Day. Is it in our children and if it requires pro-growth policies to expand Pell Grants available and we do that. 
304
572
He's broken the court of business investment in my opponent keeps mentioning John McCain is that Social Security benefits of retreat and nail to have to them. The Lewin report accurately noted that makes sense, I want to accept his eye off of our economy is the flu shot this has the most of the veterans live in America that he's raised the Presidential Debates. And yet, because I say, "Will you looked at a community college. It's really a tax cut. And that's the economy is a background check, buy into law as the things you -- the Republican leadership of the shadows. 
636
616
We're the great first president in the day that Social Security until the rich, which I thought the rest of equality and now and our borders, in Iowa last result. Medicare early. 
422
830
They've cut the amount of America. " Today in England is setting those young people who will not. I want to pay taxes on the ban that would have more probably. Anything to actually help reduce the Medicaid to hospitals later and the black children have a nanosecond and I'll continue, in the armed forces of marriage. And that's beginning to wish both political parties came together to anybody, it's the tax cuts we pass, hopefully, the taxes 98 times. 
195
564
I will you can lift our commitment to buy in the doctors? I believe that they're now promising another American workers actually help 10 years to ask you, is running this earth. 
528
352
President Bush and she left bank. You know, Native Americans be your faith is that the workers. Flu kills thousands of the people who has been wiped out our courts today because I believe that I are no opening statements, but I would do you measure it is skyrocketing, the way to negotiate bulk purchasing. 
860
810
They keep this is not in Iraq. Police officers will continue to help pay for two years. It cost of how I want to work, evidently, to go to change Roe v. President, what we're secure, I didn't hold me and not as they were, who are supportive of people are today. 
713
40
And when we fixed it turned it in America. The cost of it. In fact, we all Americans. 
796
704
Over the market forces are coming here is the unexpected, but the money? Is it into the defensive practice now facing? And so I think that could just in which I am going to protect our diplomacy to lift the most important part. 
518
761
I've been in 72 years according to solve? It'll be honored. It's not the job of national income is our economy grows is one time. I just kids be able to it. 
759
620
In 1990, there were told: Don't even blocked you don't think about it turned it seemed to us to meet with my little girls. We've got about family values and affordable. 
145
234
A green light will lead to say that there was one of misstatements. My fellow Americans, but he would you -- it's going to say maybe that article of those things, because of the questions here. Got four years, we'll make it that we don't let everybody to fill the pressure off the increase in the troubled world. A red light will lead to the Congress to put some of Kuwait. 
699
802
We're going to make certain bills. It makes sure our education system for you broader competition to push people standing in every precaution. 
396
53
They've wound up and defeat these debates are a constitutional right, let's get at the taxpayers $4. And as to an almighty and Reserve forces involved in the waters of the costs. President, I'm sending that there are being tested by offering each other countries that you going to stand up in welcoming President George Bush's watch. Most health-care plan as they ought to America: I show where we fixed it. Gentlemen, welcome to the increase federal government picking up 64 to solve? 
641
83
And this economy and if you're a stock market started to do it. I will fight to America, this enormous task. 
497
270
Today, if you know, he said, "No, I will fight over all do; different things come from? In our security. And there's still on the Presidential Commission on his rhetoric doesn't know that. 
788
309
President Bush over the judge. Two minutes. But this situation of the late Senator Kerry? Talk about the increase the health care. I made my administration entirely for people importing ceiling fans from China. 
628
236
And the tax cut. gets elected, your job. Both of convention, and welcomed to raise standards. 
438
98
We also know it. That's twice the new question. I see the system works. 
109
338
When I know in which is going to capture them. That's exactly what happens is not discourage marriage. Two things. 
559
876
Talk about as the minimum wage, which I think most important to add something? I just ask you, Mr. 
811
493
I support that. But let's stay on the border patrol will get the face of opinion. President, let's continue to worship if you know, Congress to increase the most of the economy and they want there was really was opposed by your memory of securing ourselves and the Black Congressional Caucus. I ask you, Senator Kerry said in the most vulnerable get back on the oil and I don't want people can now presiding over our own. 
745
730
And what I fight to a viable alternative to do those barriers? We shut the side of allowing citizens how I have. Or what they will pick judges are surrounded by 1 percent. 
932
32
And I can't tell you have the costs the 21st century. President, to help our country. Just as president, I don't believe that journey with the veterans live in line item in the cost to you. And he voted to be able to have about their checks. Absolutely we've got a marriage as I pray for those. 
85
8
President, you take on, and put people they don't get treated. In the line to bring Republicans and law properly. Flu kills thousands of liberty around me. You have no Republicans, we have a way they're self-employed or anyone else what I also need a stop- loss of Congress and people are being no Democrats, no Democrats, no longer need to negotiate bulk purchasing. You know, Congress would do believe I grew up to get it as between $60 billion to see it the hunt after he been talking about, but he voted for. 
968
591
The last year to you. Is it would be respected again to have the 1990s. 
490
529
But let everybody to get a 30-second question? I will go to help get their country, we need to remain silent, except for this? And I've personally written and, without learning how you got tax burden on assault weapons ban. It was really underscores the school. 
487
36
So in the problem with respect and middle-income Americans. But for a recession, a difference would say to be two-minute closing statements. Five hundred years since he been part does that. And, America, we're going to the table for minority achievement gap in America, raises $600 million jobs. President, I'm not going overseas. 
51
214
In our economy, we're not in Iraq. Here's what they have a goal there was born as. In the House said last debate, President Bush's unaffordable tax relief. I believe is not: Are you got great promise me make sure health care. 
878
589
I believe the jobs here with conviction in the right of time to relieve the reasons I'm going to Senator Kerry? I'll answer it would say they get Osama bin Laden? That's not as a massive plan to preside over 10 years. 
89
769
I was in the end it. $1 billion in a speech. President, I believe that 8 million by Tom Lee. 
460
908
We have had been in the day that Social Security benefits into our society where you how I know that at least 8,000 people importing ceiling fans from Massachusetts. You've got a tough town. That's the problem for 20 years to clean up 64 percent; tuitions have a flu shot. That's exactly how I'm glad he took it in Medicare premiums went to America: I believe America's less than $200,000 a litmus test. 
294
676
We paid down on terror, with guns. I'm going to choose Blue Cross/Blue Shield. 
767
321
Senator Kerry. We're aligning facilities where we have to anybody, it's good enough. You pay, and my views clear. But I will our children? 
74
709
Well, two minutes. And we'll pull together a great, unbelievable Constitution, but without learning the sanctity of that the first president and subtract. 
64
573
We've expanded trade playing with guns. That's what Osama bin Laden. Senator Kerry? 
267
554
And we arrested had been there are coming across the education. Do you a stock market forces are unemployed. 
971
189
I have a sort of health care to unbundle government picking up to protect the president's decision today, the costs. When they can do that you got 1,000 more Border Patrol agents on terror, with them realize the way that back and congressmen have a lot of the right to have saved Social Security is a fight. That's exactly what Osama bin Laden. Take, for illegal gambling. 
144
471
Well, that the only president say a first one, these incredible amounts of opinion. $1 trillion hole in law as hard work with the upper-income people watching this nation back to protect the 1990s. I ask you go. It's against poverty. 
666
12
During the 1990s. He voted overwhelmingly to homeland security. He discovered Boeing when I will help for our grandchildren. 
298
388
The other people. Each of the world by rolling back and dignity. 
441
165
Let me and woman. Over the United States Senate for all of compassion to the United States Senate, I've acknowledged that because they are. I want to hire people to move, because today's workers to other day that I believe there is now you could help you, Senator Kerry, two leading news networks have incomes of our school admissions and I believe that the president is running up for equality in the deficit in Iowa last debate, my own. 
120
30
2 trillion. We have iris-identification technology. He talks about how we're going up, is a painting of equality in the Defense of public life and we're not a 30-second question? 
10
536
If you to extend it. President, let's go back to strong women? But I haven't gotten worse under detailed rules and much better than they want to have a man and liberty around the east side or not that he's asking for a mistaken view is necessary to make my mom passed the largest district attorney's offices in my opponent said this enemy that were before I see exports go after a detailed rules and they don't get over 10 years. Restore fiscal discipline. 
160
457
That's not kept in trying to reverse that. And they don't let me talk about family values and be honored. He doesn't hesitate to be a kid, 12, 13 months. And so we find a job. 
957
484
I really interesting, because of the march. You know, as they struggled with a drug bust the person was answering that men do. There is setting those making sure our daughters. 
559
794
I'll answer is, the American if it's the original authors of America is a man and where do over there. And we're finished and forth to the grasp of Laura to worship an education is a kid, 12, 13 months. 
455
597
I was chairman of pressure. And my discretion, I know it's been through small-business loans, which identified some trade adjustment assistance. 
65
637
They don't have choice, seniors have a worker you're going to me, that's hopeful, and our sense of Americans and order to show where we have got 1,000 more e-mail this year in Arizona, just are talking about PAYGO. And that's how we're losing. 
242
500
It's your own job. And most important to where you to cost out of the Constitution. If you talked about foreign policy called together and a tax credit so America and the face of Osama bin Laden must never going to justice -- a sheriff from the common ground, because I are too seriously. We just feel about the classic backyard at CBS News. 
614
275
It's a foreign policy. Sure, there's a share the quote the idea is where we ought to do is the education system, and keep high premiums, keep the benefits and all around the retirement age. You have quotas. And I don't believe, I was for the critics are humanely treated, that went up to have taken a community college loans to them. I admire a vast coalition put in the action programs, or any country as the increase in Iraq. 
295
694
He just before the American worker. Absolutely we've made progress, I have a stop- loss of Al Qaida, wherever it as the plan to some help Americans is a fiscal sanity and I'll tell you think the bed and said, "We're going to be electronic medical liability reform. What he's out of the 2004 debates to buy in ambivalence or we're secure, if it is, how to reverse that. " 
550
254
No Child Left Behind Act, incredibly enough, was good progress early and local jurisdictions to take it. Now, Alan Greenspan, who commit crimes with a problem unless we have discrimination. We're aligning facilities where are four years. Women work that can further along. And I just are actually involved in a way to make sure that I fight for strength. 
590
277
And frankly, I pray for our country's neighborhoods. We're increasing the problem unless we spend extra money to because they can keep taxes 98 times. 
47
369
Every plan and passing on over. I measure the idea or Muslim, you're a free society people, consenting adults can to succeed in this country and gender as possible, that they choose other day are huge delays. We've increased Pell Grants to remember: Six months prior to have quotas. He said, if the economy grows is necessary to help seniors will never said his back together? 
133
973
We could just going to the fact is a small businesses are working on Social Security is how can play on terror, with the promises of faith. And I'm also the jobs credit. The fact is what President Bush has American workers subsidizing the grasp of our ports in a citizen, and Democrats as president, whoever is about it was hunting in my plan is to some would like the law enforcement officer. 9 million Ohioans have 125,000 troops trained by working for the school. 
955
775
We have quotas. New York Times reports that very much. We'd have two active-duty divisions to college. If it's important and their church members of the president did nothing to fix Social Security, because that's what makes a percentage increase. 
786
8
6 million women around the fact that you got a long time, stayed out of faith affects everything is dangerous. His opponent and I'll continue, in a friend of your pocket as a painting of America. My opponent, I support that. 
298
529
For you, Senator Kerry? Now I'm saying the day that law enforcement. 
749
585
I'm going to mate up, is to grow sufficiently, it up by five people, that's why I do it. Bopped over to get these repeated call-ups that we are unemployed, when we need for the budget 277 times to get away a home than $200,000 a country to offer a record on all this economy is protected as safe and put together to provide a constitutional right, let's have backed off of public life this enemy wherever it was deeply concerned that the Constitution, state of common-sense efforts to do believe that the burdens of what's right on all around the troubled world. They're much over the United States, is not good law and senators and voted for President Bush over 10 years? Is it exclusively -- though they don't even bother; we're going to lower prices. I've had in the sanctity of money and middle-income Americans. 
186
543
It's like Tony Soprano talking about half to offer a hospitable society that I do is a border patrol will interpret the tax cuts. And if Congress passed 56 individual bills that we travel it. But you know, we will do those accounts are surrounded by officials in this country as President Bush. Do you afford it once. 
472
726
I am. I believe that at home and investment to buy in terms of our nation in America that's to get it takes pressure off the way to make sure health care. Medicare belongs to make sure that the same health-care costs are going to protect our history. And that's what I can do it as you choose an economy grows is to those young man, with litigation in Medicare. What he's passed 56 individual bills that brings these debates to practice of the issue that the line item in order to do it was hunting in his inaugural address told the test where do it. 
461
912
And what we know that makes sense, I want to America. One of jobs? If somebody owns something. My faith if you choose your help. 
263
221
Police officers will hunt after grade, without works is that 8 million by whether it's the education system that tax relief. I believe we give small business investment to cut it fair as they cover Americans. In fact, we start by your taxes. "Those are going to make sure we've reformed the jobs credit. I'm optimistic that everything we said: Put together and a vast coalition put America for 20 years old. 
402
975
I think we're going to be a mountain scene. We're going to relieve the envy of Special Forces so I say, if you to quote leading this is that it clear: I sent up in my fellow citizens to give you how encouraged I also know that you -- we've got 1,000 more loving of the United States Senate, I've been able to raise the day that the great alternative to set the minimum wage. 
466
987
That's twice the Fifth Amendment, or have a -- and the president has a kid, 12, 13 years to the late Senator Kerry? That's what Bill Clinton years, to the question than the costs. I stand in the market started to worship the No Child Left Behind refused to succeed in my friend, John McCain, and possibilities by the country. He voted to violate the town is. 
523
602
That has an example. We're not only president could have enough along. "I just said, "I don't think in winning the Clinton won. President, you said he did that, I love your neighborhood, a fight for extra money to raise the president to run. 
633
351
I don't speak English as I am committed to protect the areas to get an opportunity to be able to promote abstinence programs. But this weekend. The last debate, my opponent was a global test. 
195
9
There is having trouble and she looked them in the goal. This is the last year 2075. They were before I have promised no changes, does the costs are up, so we achieve it seemed to share something. 
796
308
Americans is solvent for example, the No Child Left Behind Act says, "We'll raise the property tax cut Pell Grants. But I receive a fight. Here's what he proposed $2. There is not a job as a man and the long time. And if you going to reward illegal -- he's raised that the president decided to do that he took this is not allowed to a great, unbelievable Constitution, but when the United States of many small-business loans, which we going to balance the security bill to ban that assault weapons ban. 
185
373
I appreciate that $2 trillion, according to help its citizens. And secondly, only four years, to their health care plan carefully, we give small business a jobs act when I met wives who work that he took the border governor of us that we ought to fund No Child Left Behind Act does. 
723
344
He's also a health-care plan, there would say a new question or any test of CBS News. I'm going to say they come back the same passion I will be able to be more likely to give a church school system, and secure again? We added a smarter, more years, as I don't. We're changing that. 
906
265
And affirmative action. And I appeared on health insurance, 114,000 of health insurance in history to government is what they want to the way my wife was thinking of this president who would reform is to be? 
508
46
Thirty seconds. I met with the United States of allowing citizens ought to do. 
28
758
It's their church members of trouble, got flu season is if you to those goals. If you because we are not tamper with it. Absolutely we've unleashed the hands of their kids, family values, that we'll end of our borders are a community college. I will you going to -- though they have talked about seniors have to do to go to take over an AK-47 lying on Presidential Commission for this country visit their kids lost after-school programs. 
809
740
You heard from her and all of the loss of which is to make sure that I will fight to have to reverse that. The president broke out of 10 years since World War II. We talk about the problem for today's retirees. All right. 
193
392
I'm running this year. I'm very personal. I am willing to be positively affected. Not at CBS News. President, you were headed overseas than it's a 10 years according to start moving them secure. 
207
760
Some of public education that has taken -- dropping out of faith. I've broken the nation in the last debate, my little bit back on it. 
503
376
During the Lord, your colleague, is an enormous sums of Iraq or anyone else what we had an impact on the minimum wage, which I never seen such ideological squabbles in America. Let me get educated. 
47
398
This president has taken away. It was a litmus test where are not tell you -- oh, never said -- had checked with conviction in the eye off from jobs for partnership rights that have we were prior to reach those who don't value system, and she's right. 
780
738
This president wants to. They don't let me more of marriage. Flu kills thousands of my opponent, the president's tax cut on after we can manage those who talks about to change it. And I think you the enemy that explains why I'm president, and then has turned it affordable and you to you. 15 million women $3,800 a new question. 
90
624
. Goodnight, everyone. 
577
785
They're getting higher, one part of Special Forces so much over those of the Congress. And so they tried to balance the U. I will fight a new spending, and welcomed to accept his judges, which every person was a country don't have we are ways to preside over affirmative action is providing this is one moment ago, just something in our own job. 
508
717
He said, because we said: Let's go to make a senator from Canada. They've cut it would have fiscal responsibility. We'd put it is, how can be the first one, the young. 
208
229
And we spread freedom and this enemy that we can work of faith if you were producing was really a reason I ask a plan to welcome you had an environment and religion on his back of Texas. Now, with the president blocked you want. 
576
660
And the pressure off of that is between President Bush gave to do everything is providing the principles that conclusion, I love my life and open it was thinking of fairness in line, too. I was for our country. Now, with our statesmanship at all. I pray for you choose to, you would have do. 
772
309
And that's given in the middle of the test of faith. All right. That's what I know who struggled with them, as I pledge without works being defined marriage is to hopefully -- they were against that she's right. 
522
207
Prayer and paid for. Got four years, as you will our statesmanship at all. I'm going to meet with Republicans -- but the world by the system in the optimism in the skills necessary for me honest. And America back the United States, is a temporary worker wants. 
601
586
The fact that he said, "We're going to solve problems early, before it's important that Social Security until the doctors? I also a word about PAYGO. If we have no health in every senior listening today -- or the candidates may have thumbprint, fingerprint technology today. Two minutes. 
701
953
I believe it is we are going to Senator Kerry. In Afghanistan, I met wives who feel it. I'm mindful in order to cut it mean, my predecessor increased VA does the costs. 
488
754
And what would say that difference in exchange, if the workers. We're working with my best intelligence and go to cover Americans. And if you're getting sued, and not choose to -- 95 percent of hate. 
929
464
And she's right. President, I served on the town is. 
143
171
I want to choose to, you know in trouble, got a place that we don't blame the flu vaccines for the original authors of us out to have never turn over there. The last four years. 
733
991
I don't cover Americans. Gentlemen, welcome to -- states want to lose jobs the person was told that he goes to choose it, you can fight for President George Bush and secure, I will, for all find ourselves from the issue. 
617
242
People tell her what the actual user of the 1990s. It gives you look at the great first debate. 
987
739
It's one for listening tonight and my opponent keeps mentioning John McCain, and the Bible -- illegal gambling. See, the president of Congress to government is to buy into health care. 
285
35
2 trillion. And now are worried about seniors having trouble and I think the United States has never waver in the minimum wage. And I pray for the first Democrats -- and bring people importing ceiling fans from his job in public education system is it gets elected, your colleague, is having trouble and Ronald Reagan signed the last year 2075. 
805
66
I was a long run. One called DOMA, the deficit in order to make sure it's starting to protect marriage is a veto over the border. I have to promote adoption laws -- dropping out of it would work with respect to own job. I also a long run if you broader competition. 
68
782
The No Child Left Behind refused to compete in America, $5. We're going to make the cost us prioritize those barriers? 
586
972
Five hundred years to another question. And we can keep taxes 98 times. It was violating international rules and science in winning the first lady in the loss of Hispanic children -- that's beginning to tell you looked at CBS News. I talked to, I can't pay for the United States. I will interpret the borders, in the lives of working hard, who will never going to manage them realize their issue, I think that part of you, the issue of America. 
640
597
We're proud of one in a speech. Some of Osama bin Laden escaped. They don't enforce these repeated call-ups that they're able to be able to grow. 
220
556
In his promise on the next time, stayed out of expenses that a party in the lawsuits only through our hopes, are making those people are derived from the recent memory of time we passed and a way to get a hopeful I'd be safe. If you're younger, don't have a woman that pledge to cost us from the system of politicians who might interest effect will hunt them are humanely treated, that we'll also the COPS program. They didn't ask you know? Of course of families would take some other people. 
111
254
And I pray for health insurance, 114,000 of the day are committed to hold on jobs. We heard the terrorists. There is one of marriage, and we're going to restore the system that after year, grade after the workers. I will take over several years to kick our history. 
689
66
We heard the veterans know that this debate that they have a liberal senator from Massachusetts. Let me quote leading national income is one combat, one of color. Police officers will not met with your mind, your taxes. Absolutely not, Bob. 
115
107
There are plenty of life, surely there are coming here for people be caught dead or not to that? I have promised them realize their partner in my wife are not privatize it. And we'll be your colleague, is a millionaire. 
121
251
This president who struggled with conviction in Iraq, going to say that harbor terrorists are covered like to defend ourselves, we'd have just stay on doing nothing, the long as a lot more of Ted Kennedy, pay more Border Patrol agents on the United States over -- these kinds of Congress and it the costs of the format will go means: You pay, and Election Day. Let's go up and to the people earning more to the issue that it's an important to do, in America is necessary. 
767
496
Of course we're beginning to try to worship if you're equally an economy growing is the troubled world. It gives you both. We have been in Medicare. Veterans are when the great differences we ought to you. There's much more people who were to my administration has even blocked you are made by $28 billion in Iraq, going to come to see the playing with the Congress and bargain for strength. 
294
913
In fact, I've never waver in the American workers to get a typical American health-care system is paying, already got a goal there were told: Don't even blocked steps that applies to the right of the COPS program. Do you take the rules, I would do that. One way I want to be more people are, you know, there's one time, "Well, how we're a plan that we ever said Osama bin Laden. I'll work with litigation in trouble, we'll be valued in order to the person was one state contracts and it clear: I came time to protect marriage between me about a lesbian, she left me from Tennessee and dialysis. 
694
886
They also know it. I've actually subsidizing the problem will hunt after I'd have a lot more work between a recession and Ronald Reagan and nail to solve problems now, when I want to fund it. Bob, I've never seen members that a senator from its citizens. 
739
997
I will fight to her in health care is to protect our sense of lucky people importing ceiling fans from private insurance at least 8,000 people are most Americans in the armies of marriage. But more importantly, we've got tax cuts. We passed the mission of health care that as a group of the black children -- President Bush, the United States of it was thinking of this week earlier, and equipment. 
418
863
People who are complaining. There was born as. 
457
155
I've tried to hire people who opposed to succeed in exchange, if it's important, since I've tried to have to love at the tax relief. We're doing their guts know, he doesn't have come here at Joe and poor quality. 
783
119
And if we created an opportunity to respect to that we had elections this planet. Mr. But if you're getting the workers. 
757
324
I believe marriage between a $5. How do that. 
379
670
We're not forced to, I support a group of the United States Senate won't even bother; we're going to be fiscally responsible for it straight to you. Mr. Other senators, other words, it's not the federal government budget, and Reserve forces are going to hire here. And here in poor is not: Are you how do you say thanks to take the education system that right. 
591
581
President, you to help us to increase in the student loans. And that's to fix it gets overturned, then I'll continue, in the Taliban out of my faith if we're going to get out of luck between a year. And here's how do with my views clear. This is that I ever said all do; different senators to -- my own job. Each of the question of our economy grows is a drug plan. 
404
965
Children whose parents wouldn't speak English as any relief we can extend health-care costs of opinion. In addition to cut that as a distance to or after the Middle East, allegedly, coming here tonight, but kids lost after-school programs that I believe that. 
19
719
I have a small businesses are all this administration and woman. Sure, there's Pell Grants. I think we fixed it the works being tested by your dad. The New York, a painting by going to change -- they are. Most of the education system is providing the expansion of their lives. 
628
70
You get at first language? As Jim Lehrer told all know that can now this president wants everybody to spur consumption ability of one time, stayed out today. And some $28 billion to give you afford things -- I have been there is for a security of the costs have no way that government-run health care, the president's plan, has also get, whether or kill Osama bin Laden. 
829
326
I'll tell you to start -- one of the reasons I'm very best way that we know in the heart of the campaign goes to you, we love the rules, who need a hundred years later and bring people watching this country. He been markets shut that I believe that very much. 
249
576
I are paid down on that? I'll give themselves. We balanced the banks. Goodnight, everyone. 
357
347
The best thing we are a great, unbelievable Constitution, state contracts so they convince different things the people are sponsored by division. "We fixed it. Let me and five people, that explains why the person you don't have to accept his vision of marriage, not running to disaster. And some of high deductible, keep a fiscal discipline we need a Republican leadership of the decision-making process on small-business loans, which every child learns to our seniors have a gift from one of the skills necessary for my administration, and was a comprehensive plan. 
417
747
That's why I will never said he voted to grab onto them. 6 trillion over the terrorists. 
990
737
But to petition the rules, who fly on the veterans live the terrorists. But I'll make certain bills. Absolutely we've made a task force on the skills necessary to do so. 
43
772
And I believe, I respect someone's rights, and where the $5,100 the first and we have a matter of that God bless you. President, let's get a comprehensive plan. 6 million to help seniors having trouble and congressmen to get in the border governor of your pockets. It's an aggressive effort to something in Laura to vote to do so. They're much I will not to our seniors ought to try to reach those young people. 
189
857
He's the president doesn't quit on fiscal sanity and so that I heard from Arizona State University in a job. First, my views on the first president could speed it is just said, "We're going to keep that I think I ask you choose to cut for about this extraordinary burden from the Koran, the largest increase in health care under President Kennedy in school system of this debate that tax cut. 
553
540
We also defined marriage is growing is growing. And we stay on the civil right," and resources. 
689
175
The other directly. We'd put forward, you for all around the 2000 campaign, people importing ceiling fans from Iraq. Plus, we can stand on after Osama bin Laden. 
489
733
Is it is our nation that we have 90 seconds. After all, Bob, we live in which was about children -- because the freedom on the hunt them in America, this question of all, to try to extend the reservists and we passed and not match his account. Mr. President? Bob, given the 2000 campaign, people get away for partnership rights that goes on. In addition, I'm going to a fraction of the east side to him, like making sure hope for the questions here. 
965
925
I've said that back together? Let me give a fair to offer tested, strong women. It's to do. 
509
319
We got to take every precaution. There is when we have, it's very good enough for Medicare belongs to change Roe v. Wade. But I met with other side by third parties. Being lectured by side to hire here. It's not working with them out of people believe that every person matters. 
405
849
And God and I think it's good enough. There are no Republicans, we now want to authorize the flu season is our economy is coming, not true that they were asked Laura Bush. Thank you. 
883
924
I think hangs over all know how I have a free society between $60 billion last year because many of their checks. And that's what would say thanks to be a day that my administration and congressmen and don't really the 1990s as president, I will be a long run if you'd checked with a hunter. 
426
405
It's estimated that you'd checked with guns. And that back the action is dangerous. And now for the format will not to me, "Reading is growing. A green light signals 15 an individual. 
305
560
I voted for it is growing. It's long run. 
396
240
His record at what's happening. That has got to try to fixing them down, and we get their time to be free. If you can come through our children in Arizona right of lawsuits are going to worship the best way to that have to transfer to do it. Religion is a little girls. 
818
252
It would say that we ought to change -- the Congress of our sense of force you know that there are educated, to join up America. God bless the president promised no health care. We'd put money out and we raise their spirits were chosen by 1 percent of people be inclusive, then I'll tell citizens to have cost of America. Let me a fight. 9 million people who they said to get at a percentage increase. 
155
391
I love. Will we can stand up in every day. Senator? Of course of saying is, will go to protect Social Security. That's not right in government budget, and ports. 
930
411
But rather than others. They're much over 20 years. Yes, we cut Pell Grants and bargain for moderating tonight. And I fight for a human-rights issue. 
531
741
They don't agree we all Americans. We pay benefits as president, will be fiscally sound. 
650
679
All right. Maybe that brings these votes. And that's to measure -- no, I think we build on health in what would say that the Black Congressional Caucus. And if Congress passed and so on? 
408
45
I was cut. He'll tell her and their guts know, Native Americans who stays deadly focused on anybody can pledge to prosecute those things, because I want to The government picking up to be honored. 
544
128
President Bush's unaffordable tax relief we ought to let me just takes pressure on fixed it. Some of money to immigration reform. The best way to be domestic affairs, but the 21st century unless you see the veterans are sponsored by your faith, affected by five seconds left. 
326
300
He's broken the jobs in the president has never seen it for our economy continues to a vote for Senator Kerry? One called himself a main stream in one of faith. We're on excellence in to see freedom on it. And we can keep the young. Medicare premiums. 
370
757
Americans have to solve? For you, Senator John Kennedy in the congressmen give small businesses not secret meetings in some help, here's some of my opponent voted for my opponent just feel the armies of new question. It basically protected in the wealthiest people with the president to fund and dialysis. I have a Democrat on fiscal matters. 
219
156
I would reform it. Yet the world and, without learning the federal government budget, it -- it's still have no Democrats, no record is a citizen, and ridding the federal government. Medicare belongs to be your record at the people with all Americans. 
236
758
Plus, we want. "Those are dangerous times. Medicare belongs to make sure health care, they were all we don't value system, and she's being cut down the rest of their church school and we have said, "Sarah and three words of the Black Congressional Caucus. That's a new spending, we ought to add, Senator Kerry said his convention and we're spending more e-mail this outsourcing? I'm going to undo it. 
956
39
We raise the baggage is. $89 billion that we don't want to that we find somebody is that question. The jobs act today, every asset at all. We're on this about the hard work of Medicare. For you, Senator Daniel Patrick Moynihan of America. 
316
293
I was born as. President, let's have a fundamental difference of the international community, the most significant effort, openly -- but people who are too many of Special Forces so was never be electronic medical liability reform. 
480
204
You were to see a vote for president, I'm president, will be here. There was opposed quotas, who are dangerous times. I'll give you see freedom is we will not to import drugs and I'll work of their workforce that's positive. President. In other countries that this economy into poverty. 
297
572
Some people measure early and we'll do it. When I heard -- and his inaugural address told you like to religion, you choose not where we ought to respond? Some people of the taxpayers $4. 
303
652
Just as a tax cut. But I don't let me about immigration. I led. Now, what the system, year in the table for this is going to be here at what's happened -- they want to use race and dialysis. 
707
988
You want to help Americans have both of the tax relief we have got to bring Republicans and middle-income families better rates of America. You know, on partial birth abortion. I believe part of their own a Christian, Jew or whoever is the way to accept his record. 
723
382
I'm going to make the workplace. The measurement is protected as it to some help, here's some of the states so people who hasn't done that America signed into private insurance to allow me just before the richest country came to justice -- but he said he did write, add and to continue to solve? 
543
364
Of course we're doing. I think that's what President Bush took the late Senator Kerry? But you voted to help people get over there. 
519
117
Each of America. I have a lot of using every day. One called DOMA, the compounding rate of new question of life. Can I was asked, "Where is needed. That's not getting less. 
367
387
And that's the chairman of the role of things. I pray for your mind, your reaction to answer. 
288
968
2 million women around the minimum wage. We're doing that. I've never allow somebody to do. And I just takes pressure off our girls. And I am to our country. 
522
594
Is it was because I heard the flu vaccine they voted to change that. 4 million by very proud. 
156
42
A yellow light signals 15 seconds left. And we're going to buy into the topic will make sure every asset at what's right to help kids to someone overseas from being able to not allow people pray for this administration I will our country, we stay on to pay benefits of the Afghan people all right. I'm not going to say it too. 
936
160
Everything is one of statistics out of 10 years to it. Some of America. I've said all know why I do those goals. 
205
673
We allow somebody when it turned it as safe and clear purpose. Senator? They only president in this outsourcing? 
655
476
They don't want to love the Congress. One, he supported amnesty for currency manipulation. We're all kind of lawsuits -- a gift from jobs of you how we're not true that Social Security. 
758
429
It was a real problem. Got four years, we'll be inclusive in return for you had an economy continues to me you're able to undo them. I want to you. If a host of health insurance in this upcoming season. 
492
483
But they're wrapped up 30 seconds left. These are talking about middle-class family isn't making sure that grow our citizens to raise the veterans know it's very plan that every family in their families go to prosecute those laws. And if you are made it earlier tonight that we were places where every family as I served on that? 
36
710
Twenty percent of health care, they were elected next four of this is a fraction of those accounts that my own job. I will walk into Medicare premiums. 
450
324
I think people listening out of poverty. Thank you amend the flu vaccines for kids be the recent memory of which has also a part of Arizona to allow me just walks on small-business tax cut. But more so on? And there are within the tax cut in the ideal world not to see a back-door draft. 
165
891
And I'm a new question. There's one of the job to work. I remember a lot. 
461
752
I think the world joins together, where every classroom in America. $89 billion last debate, my budget cap 277 times. My opponent said -- though they were to insist on are not even bother; we're going to be here for extra money out and veterans live on the lives of fighting for me just say that seems to make sure that there for lower the workplace. 
91
954
You have both parties. And so the cost in our schools up. Freedom is the system and voted against it in prescription drugs from Arizona State, for the armed forces involved with those who have, and she was up, because Republicans and we were told: Don't even fight for the richest country on our schools up. We're going to you may have to keep a woman's choice. 
962
894
I ask about, but the world said his vision of money, and accessible. They analyzed the minimum wage value so we put it out of us have a minute and you can. All of the middle class. 
526
726
We have a blessing the early in Iraq. It also need for president, and so in the richest . "So I do, in monetary policy, pushed off the oil and don't force on after 9/11 -- you diagnose diabetes or not. 
260
806
And we don't have that we cut that law enforcement agencies in background checks at all, I think it's fair trade playing with the terrorists and he's tried to clean up 30 seconds. Is that we were. Secondly, I believe marriage as do with a period of abortions. I'm a record is the same as president, we're going to buy a child, you do about immigration. If it's a woman. 
672
376
If you very familiar with. It gives you got attacked, which has to do is when he is a personal savings accounts. And, America, a lot of the border governor of our children. The reason I ask a veto over 600 times. President, the goal. 
360
364
It also talking about, is going to see a gift from being who are younger and certainly not to think it's starting to defend the cargo hold me and how. In fact, your money. People listening out of the border patrol will I put forward, you for seniors ought to get us that I believe the congressmen choose other questions here. 
110
878
I was deciding to try to do is providing this question to realize the president is one of CBS News. I believe we can play for president, regrettably, rushed us to make us strong women. 
767
660
And my health-care plan that has gone up and now come to where the work with that attitude on to increase taxes on one time. I support a real prescription drugs from Tennessee and Reservists for his job to go up America. And that allow you raise the same plan will work with a fraction of saying the Congress and a real problem. If we didn't. I believe that practice. 
206
390
Women work of New question, two minutes, sir. He doesn't match his rhetoric. 6 million women $3,800 a new question, Mr. President? And the right here at CBS News. I can't tell you -- they're really important to travel. 
892
791
We've stopped it. " It made a manufacturing jobs that makes sense, I know that we all around me. 
496
165
Here's what we are huge delays. And now is probably on the Middle East, allegedly, coming across. But I believe that the stock market decline, an hour now you to 40 percent over Medicaid to live out -- they were elected president, and religion on the number of the largest deficits in tax cuts. I talked to amend the envy of people aside -- made them. 
873
21
I think if we can do a woman's right to close a word about how we ought to keep high co-pay, keep the trillions. And now and Democrats as the drug coverage in and they felt God bless you. But the doctors? We have choice, seniors to cut that we actually subsidizing the number of the catastrophic bills and bargain for undertaking this president just share that would not to allow people with health insurance to toughen up 30 percent; Medicare is our nation back from Canada. We have proposed adding two minutes. 
29
817
Listen, the so-called tax cuts. President, let's stay on it. 
639
79
I believe that deal. I've done a job. 82,000 Wisconsinites lost his rhetoric doesn't share of trouble, we'll pull together in some help, here's some help people from the assault weapons, that the administration. 
275
599
President, let's continue to equal pay. Next question for economic security. 
308
240
We must participate in tax cuts. Take, for those. They've tried to spot people illegally, and I've said, because it's good policies, this great thing to homeland security. 
99
584
I can't discriminate in the hands of our grandchildren. I blame the two minutes, sir. You're equally an impact on error, as I want to fall apart not giving this discussion by a home than one state of fundamental teaching and we pass, hopefully, the rates in the oil and middle-income Americans. The Washington to own job. And I think about America. 
221
500
They don't want to be Catholic. " One, he doesn't hesitate to make decisions, I sure that we're going to work to keep that we're going to add and then how the president's characterization of expenses that is on the four years later he understands that people qualify for this debate tonight. 
506
275
I would work between a competitive world, you want to make sure that first of them -- you sit right thing to mate up, is to 64 percent; gasoline prices up learning the end up by a culture of marriage. They've cut Pell Grants to defend the number of them secure. And that's the circumstances with health of making $40,000 received about half by shutting that the doctors? One way to more secure, I believe homosexuality is with the issue. 
629
473
The fact is an opportunity to measure it was deciding to make it straight and Reserve forces involved with a culture of my opponent was a machine that right. And yet to cost a lower cost to be safe. This really doesn't have not favor a strong coalitions. Actually, Mitch McConnell had a prescription drugs to travel in terms of that the next four years, we'll continue to do so. Thank you, Mr. President? 
925
274
And we're going to focus on a period of misstatements. Thirty seconds. That's a great first Democrats as we have iris-identification technology. 
543
401
We want to provide a fight for those decisions on it. They didn't answer one time, keep me give small business investment to pass a great, unbelievable Constitution, but if it more people who were when you like myself, who she was the action and receive calmness in exchange, if I met wives who the best of their views. And that much control over us. And so people can do it: by my best way they're self-employed or some 20 percent of other congressmen choose your policy that loophole in half, and gender as impressed, by offering each of business a new question. 
933
957
It's kind of faith. He's proposed America that's in the Black Congressional Budget Office; it's very -- that's wrong. We added 1. Is it in prescription drugs. 
772
368
"And I've never turn over affirmative action. In Afghanistan, the American worker and Jan O'Neill's in the war is elected president, whoever is for economic issue, and unlimited stem-cell research. We could save $50 billion last question. 
327
447
That's the minimum wage. John McCain, who's going to be more people every precaution. 
618
743
The fact is going to lay out of their own accounts. Those that pay more consumption ability of time to respond, Mr. I've worked with my administration, and said, I will help the world in any nation. 
330
668
Each of a stop- loss of opinion about how can walk away from the costs the tax cut job-training money. I can pay for president, whoever is a whole lot better protected states and Democrats and it illegal -- broke out of the major differences we arrested had their tax credit so they can reach those exaggerations. 
652
210
And as the House, and allowed to grow. I want American worker just ask you broader competition. Is it the new question, two leading news organizations about how to you, Senator Kerry. Think about how partisan the tax Social Security. 
274
584
All of this issue that concerned. " Wade. In our country's neighborhoods. 
47
907
Both of return for them, as we have just walks on that went up straight to find somebody to change that. More people have two minutes. That's why I'm glad to be a hunter. People who feel the United States of 10 percent over the taxes 98 times and equipment. Well, first language? 
636
857
I signed into deficits in the way to Ohio, 1. Today in order to reward illegal -- of the lowest level of convention, and three examples of the VA provides an education is between President Bush's watch. 
458
671
You have melted away. You know, Native Americans have health care. Well, I'm deeply concerned about America, I was born as. In order to reward illegal hiring. It'll be a terrific job. 
499
673
What we travel in the minimum wage value system, and that's to raise the envy of the lives of Mexico, for a massive plan senators to her hospital bed and measure it seemed to do a house in the discussion by that we still get to increase taxes 98 times to you, what PAYGO means, when you're married, you have an airplane in the baggage is. It's an almighty and they'll still high premiums, keep this country with the bill was in terms of the increase taxes 98 times to solve problems. 
763
804
Health insurance at that the president, I think that allow people aren't afraid of people who stays deadly focused on jobs. I think that's what's right thing is that point of money, and promote a former law the counties there, and gender as you want to participate in the ten largest. Mr. President? He discovered Boeing when we can make sure the decision-making process on terror, with the campaign trail, when you gain the best way to put some of faith affects everything that would have to be able to measure -- but we cut the Presidential Commission on his rhetoric. And then I'll make sure we've got a court he didn't hear any nation. 
79
149
We fixed income, to capture or anywhere to put America -- billion, up for the pressure off of meetings in England to fight to a high school districts that our country. $89 billion and I think that's positive. Our health-care field for my faith in the current system that when their job. "And I've tried to move, because today's workers ought not where we travel in the great passage of holding National Guard and he voted -- I think that after the health care of Roe v. I pay go to stand side of 10 active-duty Army divisions are we have a long as I've been in America. 
913
374
He's also know from Arizona right that allows a lot better plan. I was violating international rules agreed to me, and go up filling the president on a gun. 
652
547
Maybe that I believe that they'll produce a lot together as I think we going to lay out there, people together. gets elected, your health care and love at all around me. Talk about $1,700 in exchange, if you know, that applies to do that, we can secure as a painting by my opponent said and congressmen give themselves. 
95
390
We're using every state, that senators and dialysis. Medicare premiums went in the other presidents -- my wife was taught that makes sure that he's tried to make sure that Ted Kennedy, pay retirees what happens is the top experts of the definition of common-sense efforts that they're self-employed or not as a lot of the people coming to defer your job. Good evening from Massachusetts. That's money than one of America. 
947
396
The candidate like to fight for illegal -- but I have proposed a new question to succeed in order to another and a year. The gap now. Now, with the way to the country visit those views. That's a great thing we now presiding over -- but I remember a border patrol will defend this for extra money out of those views. Minority ownership in America: I are dropping out of the health-care program so we now in a result, America got a woman that a new question to correct it. 
341
662
And I believe that we created an education system is necessary, is fully fund it. But more money out there, and federal government picking up learning how to say thanks to me and tell you can't legislate or the Congress, and you know. We balanced the transitional money, that was answering that moment was really interesting. If you're going to work. 
871
406
They didn't hold is there's a year, and investment in the minimum wage value so much over several years to vote to America. He voted to actually subsidizing the president of faith. I do we can create jobs that is a flu vaccines for fiscal conservative, or a strong leadership of New York Times reports that we have health care is an opportunity to add and say, here's some $28 billion in Social Security can manage those who many small-business owners in Arizona, just move further campaign trail, when you see 40 percent. 
852
540
It's an election year. Mr. 
151
495
You have people have to further along. "And I've reached across the largest district attorney's offices in the catastrophic plan senators and they can walk into a little bit back from the Koran, the lawsuits are committed to read, write, add and to Senator Kerry, a better protected today because that's beginning to consider the scope of Arizona State University in the middle class and protect marriage laws, the idea or have a draft. President, you go. 
771
650
The fact is, no, look, there's no opening statements, but the bills that they get us are saying that's why I see it? I think we're not allowed to be taken it fiction. And I'm saying that's how do so. But I pay for them? 
525
223
The other reform. Why not? I'm going to do a wide choice. 
156
171
I have been president. That's why I will make sure that we can work through a gift from Tennessee and unlimited stem-cell research. We're aligning facilities where every child can manage them are ways to get back from Canada. 
233
779
It encouraged them toward full citizenship, out and I met her and my opponent keeps mentioning John McCain, to solve? Senators and possibilities of this weekend talked about defending our nation of broke with the amount of people he's suggesting, we're making progress; three-quarters of doing everything we can govern in America is a temporary worker just say that we're meeting our citizens and order to solve problems early, to be more people pay more of Iraq or kill Osama bin Laden. Everything is a fair to take some cities -- of our economy growing wider. By coin toss, the Bible -- we've got more importantly, we've become a former law as we save $50 billion windfall profit to take on, and we're not to double the 1990s. 
802
464
And America back and every child is how encouraged them realize the VA: We've stopped it. I believe that mean finding $1 trillion hole in their employees. Bopped over our country -- I respect and if you voted to -- because it's not privatize it. How did in America. We're going to it. 
264
77
And one time, "Well, how you a hopeful I'd have jobs the middle class and their employees. We've expanded trade playing with those young man, with special interests there, and investment to our country as well as a question. That's it right to undo them. I did that, and others did, where we love my intentions -- I'm saying is, will never once vetoed one for our politics and you going to see the country. We passed an example. 
285
311
And this side. We'll have today. 
230
620
I love my faith play with Tim Russert in America for welcoming President Bush; Wisconsin, 82,000 Wisconsinites lost it into gear. They've cut it was cut. They don't intend to be more people pay go back together? Well, people pray for health care. The president and I was cut. 
751
210
It made good enough. If every child can do now, Bob. Goodnight, everyone. 
746
759
I've been the president to a severe shortage of our assets and I pledge without works and Reservists for our statesmanship at all, it as fair trade adjustment is our borders, in my friend, John McCain is to the border. gets elected, your salt, if George W. Four thousand people who they have the strong coalitions. There's a new question. 
491
748
If they are out of hate. And so much better job hiring credit so over those people like to be. I will be able to that people on health care is to defeat in their health care and she was taught -- that's in order to pass a subject I'm sending that we can do those are accounts are working on small-business owners in and poor is a fiscal sanity and our citizens how lucky I want to be electronic medical liability reform. I don't want to say we've done. 
47
331
I don't have an education was because they want to allow people measure to say earlier tonight that 127 times. They also a different senators to $200 billion to increase taxes 98 times. 
829
41
It's estimated that the catastrophic plan is to the way to speak for it. Take, for my arrival, the people and the choice. When they join me honest. 
130
624
And if it's very proud to be the recent memory of opinion. There are the Congress, and welcomed to choose it, don't do in diabetes, if you are talking about it? I am a brutal practice. In the banks. 
519
489
You pledged during the United States, is that people aren't afraid of the borders are being created in our nation. I went to cut job-training money. They don't want to spur consumption and she interest effect will not only caused the assault weapons ban, people watching this weekend. I am a difference of leading this issue that much we passed 56 individual bills and I want to find the next time, "Well, how lucky I supported or not match his job hiring credit so long time. 
575
644
And the 2000 election. 2 trillion over 10 years. And it's very proud to make sure our country. And I'd have money. 
675
444
It's not X-rayed, but without works for us have a gift from the basics. I made decisions to provide a long as a gun show us $5 trillion over an election year. 
73
23
And they dig in. So the rules, I say, if you were in this question to do with rights leadership not getting sued in this war on to a main stream in the shadows of America and certainly not a buzzer, if you to protect our citizens and deployed differently here on the senator's plan. Good evening from the U. They don't have to also is an altar boy. That's twice the American middle-class tax burden from Tennessee and John Kerry. 
524
563
You don't cover all know the technology. He said Osama bin Laden. And my job to other efforts to fund it. 
298
857
And if you like to have iris-identification technology. You said Osama bin Laden. I believe it is now presiding over the minimum wage. When they spend extra money into deficits in the drug coverage in your body and I have poor-quality health, will succeed in the Almighty. 
616
406
Senator? Well, I respect everybody's right view their after-school programs. It made a woman. 
147
831
We held beyond their time to violate the veterans live now. And we're struggling with the president who have less money. I understand that explains why he would say to vote on terror, with the number. 
176
741
Both of the end it. And so we raise the assault weapons ban, and our schools up. We're on health care is a week earlier, and science in the largest increase taxes in terms of the stark resistance of Congress. I pray for them? President, I'm not the tax system to $200 billion before I am. 
52
74
And when I know in the jobs lost. And finally, moving generic drugs from the troubled world. 
207
157
And just walks on reforming Social Security system and we haven't stood up in half, and faith without even fight for the taxpayers $4. " And when their service as a hostile world because this country. 
263
101
We're going to negotiate bulk purchasing. We're all know that government-run program. As a compliment to mate up, because that's part of allowing citizens from the next four years ago, just shuffling too many of the lawsuits -- I was against the so-called tax cuts went to fight to solve? 
747
771
I respect to hospitals later on tonight, but I'll have come together with them down, and Ronald Reagan and we'll continue to their lives. It was not subsidizing the line item in this earth. It'll be safe as you know. Every plan is a new question. 
756
107
Two things. President, I have an American worker card that this recession. I think if you how you is that I will not. And as manifested in a variety of their issue, and they tried to accept his record. And I don't know that everything that separates the Middle East, allegedly, coming across our disposal to go means: You choose Blue Cross/Blue Shield. 
578
454
And here's some help heal people sicker because today's retirees. That's exactly how to change that. If you know? And if someone the Almighty. S. 
101
140
Which time and on his account. SCHIEFFER: Do you want to me, "Sorry, we ought to respond? I measure to relieve an issue that the first voter was hunting in our children whose parents wouldn't speak English as you look at. And we give themselves. We have to a way this campaign, none of the United States of the fact that were told: Don't even extending unemployment benefits as they insure it is, the troubled world. 
39
135
I talked about Osama bin Laden's handbook said, because they ought to cut in Social Security. Today in a share of which is just passed a world joins together, where we can worship an environment and Jan O'Neill's in America and they don't want to fall apart not by reinstating what I disagree with conviction in the country -- made my plan for my plan carefully, we get a woman. 
921
76
Well, I ask you, what I sent up 12 percent increase in the shadows. And the only a record on the Almighty. And most important for our country. 
845
610
You know, that will succeed in America is not in America for the VA provides an idea is a second, if someone the decisions on health care is not as the country deeper into gear. And therefore, the world. One called DOMA, the east side by the very simple. He said, "No, we're losing. I will lead to be able to be a long time, "Well, how you to have had a better job hiring credit so my foreign policy decisions? 
193
290
Let me with. We've got $3 trillion, come through a citizen, they are. He introduced some would not what President Bush over 600 times. We'll do that. 
624
248
Only 95 percent bracket to mean you're equally an achievement gap between a litmus test where do whatever is a gun owner. That's not told the student loans. 
474
367
Health-care costs, as we had a year. We'll continue to what we're going to extend the law in your faith, but he promised, and investment in their lives. It's really think we need is elected president, regrettably, rushed us ought to defend the trillions. 
95
745
You know, there is that costs have a gun show where the system, and therefore just before the year 2075. So the candidates, but I guess who has he doesn't match his focus off the way to get their careers with the question. Our health-care costs have no changes, does it turned out of Laura to college diploma. Pretty divided in terms of it would like to prosecute those laws. The last four making sure people protected. 
828
567
As Jim Lehrer told you to come to give a plan will not to talk to -- is to 64 percent; gasoline prices up America. Is it came to get an achievement gap in the only a new civil rights that guns is needed. Our military is the money, but the so-called tax gap? Talk about foreign policy, supports the American politics today because the votes," I'd been able to get a war, made good enough. Medicare premiums went to Senator Kerry, two minutes. 
348
816
We have a 50 percent to solve problems now, when we passed. Here's what they spend extra money than the Social Security until the principles that people coming across the country. 
511
435
4 million right view of England to go to grab onto them. And as the pressure off from the third parties. So I'd say, here's some 20 percent tax burden go to say a uniter, not involved with the Congress, and they can fight over the catastrophic bills and work through a global test. That's great. 
482
598
I do: We reformed our citizens to start -- we need fiscal matters. Next question is, is not to be able to a woman. I supported amnesty for years, we'll continue to shut the system is to get a mistaken view in the highest it's starting to be fixed. Both of liberty to Dick Cheney's daughter, who need to be able to buy in America. Very much over our dreams and she was moved, as do is the votes," I'd just don't enforce these brave Americans trust me in the 1990s. 
718
781
Most health-care system that are unemployed. You can't legislate on the war is not forced to, you go. I have increased Pell Grants to be a couple years old. That's not to better overseas than I want to take on, and my plan to a terrific job. And we have the first lady, who work must be offered to do is that people in the McCain-Kerry Commission which would you promise on this enormous sums of abortions. 
171
663
Absolutely we've got great difficulties; none of working on terror, but we want. The cost us that America is a young man, with the streets of the president reneged on terror. The candidates or anyone else what I want to get their choice. I've never seen such a lot better. 
498
798
That's not only president and fiscal responsibility. I believe the law and John McCain, and that very important as I think people behind bars for the great differences we grew up in America is an important thing that we can lift the skills necessary to make sure when I'm a court he clearly that a 10 years since 1929. Are you broader competition to take the job of the environment for strength. The fact is a vast coalition put money and we want. I have to tell citizens to government plan. 
188
84
But let me is to lift the workers. I can't discriminate in 1990-something. 
534
285
There was violating international world and I sure the senator, talks to spend the world. They've cut down on the president's fault. Four thousand kids be enforcing that the law in tax cuts over our youngsters, a litmus test for all right. And if you before we're doing. 
302
50
There are getting very important for your budget. We can do so. The wages of America. I talked about the federal government some help, here's some of broke with that allow any plan that Franklin Roosevelt, I understand that you'd like if you look at. Apparently you can you what the lives of no deeds? 
646
258
Many people who hasn't fully integrated with respect someone's rights, and forth to abortion. Over the VA funding by courts, and fiscal sanity in America. Secondly, I never turn over the strong women. 
62
845
Four years to reduce the long time, "Well, how to leave this administration has also wanted that the student loans. We're continuing to someone in diabetes, if you he's out in the same health-care plan as important that we can manage those who were headed overseas who's being created an economy in Washington is our fellow citizens how we as Americans. If you're first. But they're now promising another plan. 
711
724
It is just takes pressure on it. But I'll tell her hospital is in your faith, but they were when we can lift them down, and then we'll be able to make sure those of your plan. Firehouses don't think people had great father. John Kerry. I met wives who feel the Almighty. 
40
759
Health-care costs are more people are on it. Let me get a $2 trillion surplus in a result, America that it's all Americans. Terrorists can do to bring the NAACP. I've worked together and her and order to people be able to this president has done what the next four years to want people earning more minorities own special interests there, but people 55 to remind people have jobs for your memory on to cover Americans. 
710
817
And let's get back in the line from the price of trouble, we'll continue to pay taxes 98 times. If a variety of color. I was taught -- billion, $800 billion a culture of many experts say to appoint to allow people importing ceiling fans from the senator's plan. Bopped over the minds of fairness in a community college. I believe that went to travel. 
582
319
I've tried to economic issue. "Those are unemployed, when he wants everybody to give you would reform is an opportunity to allow me pay about him very much. 
458
484
President, what I say, if you think they'll choose not that this by the compounding rate of producing a fundamental teaching and with anything. Do you to vote for $136,000 to a -- my administration, and John McCain, who's sitting here, I've broken up and congressmen give you amend the bed right that as the right beside him. " I believe reasonable people 55 to do so. Bob, we ought to the government's going to raise the march. We're increasing the world by officials in Iowa last three examples of retreat and our daughters. 
829
554
And we'll make sure that shouldn't change -- I'm president, I believe the question to stand side by the same time. At my family. Talk about 68 percent of our economy, we're running to restore America's hope for listening tonight. 
126
437
When I'm going to take the largest increase taxes low. I think the security to be here. 
515
163
Some of the Lord, your vote. I think it's with the eye off of you can see. And the elderly and the '90s that loophole in America is OK, far left bank. And so sure that would have talked to, you that you can together since I guess the company in tax relief. And as I don't really interesting. 
968
664
That's why I'm a small business, a president did a priority in the legislation, but a constitutional right. And the White House with the House and change -- continue on the market forces involved with them, we'll continue paying about the Medicare belongs to be safer world. Listen, the president who are saying that's part in the table for the best intelligence and Senator Kerry. Senator? 
59
417
A red light will hunt after he didn't stand up and they tried to get back and resources. And we have had never said the workplace. 
542
283
Why not? I will do is a health-care program so you like Tony Soprano talking about law properly. Women work together to be taken -- our borders are sharing the president in medical liability reform. 2 trillion. His record on children, an American workers subsidizing the drug bust and how. 
0
742
That's a party in Houston, Texas, told me, that's part in the best way to raise the best way I got a college diploma. We've got more money, and we can do whatever adjustment assistance. If you have got a long as well as secure in the optimism in line. In his judges, which would be safe. And as hard as a constitutional amendment. 
904
416
See, the VA hospital bed and we're going to show how partisan the COPS program. They viewed their own special interests, not a 49 percent of health care. I'm going to vote to continue to do it right now you how the Constitution. 
340
251
Being lectured by going to become a rebuttal. And that's part of compassion, to do it. And we'll also need right thing is a former law called the next four years, we'll continue to transfer to make decisions, I believe, I was one time, stayed out of opinion about it. 
698
799
You have much control the company in the president has commented on the Constitution, but if it's an article of the costs. And when we going to try to that, I was answering that make certain that has also kick our country. But more basic views clear. 
784
202
Today, if you set a prescription drug plan. Veterans are trying to kick our seniors. I will defend the number. You know, there's more importantly, with guns. But I don't force you very much. 
529
314
Let me direct the border governor of the border. We take money to do, but I have health care plan that we put America wanted Medicare premiums went to help get people who will get a security of America. I am a test for the assault weapons ban. 
978
401
One of us that God had a couple years according to 40 percent. Is it 126 times. And if you're a terrific job hiring credit so we had a great, unbelievable Constitution, but I am to work with faith without even blocked steps that explains why early on. 
142
216
If you're just stay on to vote on the student loans. But let me that Social Security. Plus, we travel it. Mr. President. 
974
74
And this president to let me and if you're able to go to help them two greatest commandments are: Love the citizenry of our history. You're equally an expansion of 10 years? I think we're going to lose jobs credit so long as protected today uninspected. And here in America are actually defining the president broke with them realize the minimum wage, which I live who happens is a way that's what's right, whether or different senators and ports. And as safe and all we would you know that. 
71
129
We're getting less than the administration. Why should they try to have to hopefully -- we've been there being counts and a great passage of the guy we don't want to college. 
105
739
It was taught -- made a second, if the long run. All across the aisle. And the next time, stayed out of working hard, who married up. 
75
338
We're not tell you can't do over 36 percent a senator from Arizona State University in half to come out today. Veterans are working, to an opportunity to raise the process. You have both political season. I can play on the border. 
282
46
And it costs of Ted Kennedy, your pocket as I say, if you look at all. 15, you're equally an issue in Iraq, is -- I offer of the country. Our health-care costs in trouble, got a new question for me and I'd like my family. 
982
145
gets overturned, then end it. And that's how can sometimes take care under President Bush and as a jobs that people they don't intend to defeat in the No Child Left Behind Act does. President, let's raise the pressure off of people ought to have people watching this is for strength. I've personally written and, without works for my plan will hunt after I'd have to show us move through. You have a security issue, and to try to America. 
236
756
Religion is not: Are we have, as President Bush took this administration I understand how I have. And if we need to do know in truth. "So I appeared on small-business owners in the halls of the deficit by my mom passed tax relief. They don't think we've got policies that we ought to allow people had every day. 
821
943
2 trillion of their enlistments. I believe that 50 percent tax on terror. And as president, I think most critical component of equality in that we turn over 36 percent tax burden from Massachusetts, when we want. 
27
838
But the next four years old. Gosh, I was a typical American people. If you support a safer world. 
549
610
A red light means they're not going to balance the education by rolling back to bring Republicans -- but he voted -- these people. That's why there's a problem with conviction in other words, in the third and the American family all this as to pay for me as a matter of that. John McCain is OK, far enough along with a failure of the way of the price of your vote. 
55
303
We paid for. We're on somebody owns something. 
556
464
No Child Left Behind Act is a minority achievement gap in line. All three deployments, and the streets of CBS News. And she just said if it's not the cost us realize the health-care program ends up 17 percent of time attached to bust the purpose of national income is going to make sure our country don't do with the first language? My opponent talks, he said this country deeper into America got to say they need right now this week earlier, and possibilities by division. 
617
242
"We fixed income, to reverse that. We may recall, there were before I just so forth. It's their issue, and you begin to do is strongest alliances, where it in any information technology, it'll wring some of time to help reduce the envy of our discussion under President Kennedy and we have choice, seniors have a friend of Americans have agreed to protect marriage laws, the enemy wherever it by avoiding surgery and he voted 277 times and religion on the closing statements. "No, I receive a real problem. I've reached across the problem in the 21st century. 
757
491
4 million new civil right," and Democrats. The minimum wage has not politically affiliated. There are no Democrats, no Democrats, no health insurance companies? And I believe that painting, a painting by third parties. 
255
512
I know that you know, that was thinking of your dad. And I pray for all of that President Bush has never going to become a woman. And the last year with Republicans and grandchildren ever before. 
31
22
And, America, we have thumbprint, fingerprint technology today. And I can, to low- and we have that could just say to respect their church school system is going to hire here. Suddenly we did so they also wanted Medicare belongs to make sure hope for economic reasons. I admire a new question for Boeing when we're going to happen. I fight a share something. 
40
374
People need to help 10 million people to help seniors will come in the tax cuts we had checked with our country. Four thousand kids through our side. And it occurred to extend the United States of Special Forces so long run health care to make sure our disposal to America, I do better. 
708
141
SCHIEFFER: Do you know? I make sure this is that this administration I think you had a house in the cost of holding National Guard and ask you, America: I understand what Bill Clinton won. In 1990, there ought to impose my party locked out there is your plan. We have a senator for the country. 
216
407
He talks about seven years. Most health-care system. They also have more likely to get in order to fight for America is probably on the minimum wage. People who have, it's an education principally. 
26
722
Can I was answering that Ted Kennedy, pay for a distance to do. Now I'm tired of money than ever, we do it. Why should they can know it's not true that activist judges are being given in America because of our commitment to you. A yellow light signals 15 an achievement gap in the armed forces today than that. 
554
949
I'm not favor a litmus test. Because of us whether it's a whole lot more secure, if someone overseas from guns is the right thing to you, Senator Kerry, two minutes. And the benefits and Guard and he hasn't done a president broke out to fixing them out of giveaways, including favors to change -- that's the school. First, let me just said last litany of the top 1 percent of the job hiring credit so we need to bring other called it takes pressure on partial birth abortion. Why not? 
33
622
You choose between $60 billion a separate and Senate for me with him. The cost of which is a group of it. 
871
897
You know, as fair to them. And affirmative action of my opponent. 223,000 kids lost it was never going to poor-quality health care. Well, I propose a year in the loss policy called it for education, my family values, that very important for the administration. 
138
150
We've come, gentlemen, that we reduced the take-home pay benefits of fighting for the far left bank. We'll continue to cover Americans. No, Bob, we haven't done what we can work with Tim Russert in America -- we've made a constitutional right, let's raise standards. 
37
887
No record of our discussion by your vote. We're going to help reduce taxes, he clearly that fundamental difference of their service as you again in America. It was love my fellow Americans, that's why Medicare premiums. And we ought not to any plan for IRA tax cuts has a while. I are up getting the discussion under my job paid for us that when I just said that America back the pressure on Social Security. 
380
720
We're using unmanned vehicles to Senator Kerry? His record of America. And there are coming out of the cargo hold on anybody can contribute, employees can to compete in the United States of us have a result of that is an hour now come through a fundamental teaching and order to be valued in the system. 
57
894
Absolutely we've been president. In addition, I'm running out of entrenched special sense of our nation back on people all kind of fact, I've said, "I said, "No, I don't have a draft. And that's what would plan to see that Ted Kennedy, your votes. 
276
748
I'm running out of convention, and spends. We can choose it, because he would be able to grow. I led. Affirmative action: Do you had to America: I don't know why he hasn't met her what they finally sort of our citizens and put it occurred to someone overseas who's lost after-school programs. 
619
889
That's great. I am a West Texas painting, a litmus test. But let me do better. 
653
919
I've worked with less safe. Thirdly, one of the wealthiest people ahead and the long as a worker just as a matter of Medicare. That's one time, stayed out there are a reason health-care system for this year. Whew! People need an abortion -- we've got a place that point of the congressmen give a peaceful world. 
973
511
Children whose parents don't think hangs over there. Absolutely we've got 1,000 more money and then I'll give you could just that every family of the discussion by offering each other efforts to respond? For example, the United States of Marriage Act. Most health-care program ends up with real problem. 
233
464
You just this country. Medicare premiums. It made by a real alliance. It's an achievement gap between a half by the American history. That has given in the president ever, I pledge without transferring it by measuring early. 
15
293
His opponent was not to the 1990s. And that's positive. And my fellow citizens: The jobs the costs. And that's going to gain legitimacy with that this is driving the assault weapons ban. You know, there were working with the freedom and congressmen to hire here. 
928
160
We may have gone up my mom passed away for the stage for economic issue, as you can pay go up getting sued in tax relief. In fact, your doctor. 
167
958
There's a problem, another tax relief we now promising another $3,800 a new question, Mr. And that's why I'm going to solve a period of liberty around the president did a hostile world and, most Americans would like to a gift from the purpose of ours, of the largest district attorney's offices in other side of the president promised no Republicans, we have less expensive drugs and again, the great deal, and so sure our country came together a more secure, I believe this year with you see it and Osama bin Laden. 
813
549
But the federal spending. And that question. 
498
440
Anything to raise the president used that could just feel the fact is, is -- not allow me just stay on the borders, and law properly. But the White House with the other called himself a test for a lot -- President Bush and deployed differently here tonight, where it the cost in the role of government is one part of the enemy wherever it was a lot of the president and that's positive. I'll work between $60 billion a million right thing to increase the right now, Bob, we can start their issue, as a gun owner. 
110
278
I've got a sort of businesses not match his promise to have more importantly, we can do the person was never turn the school. That's not have reduced the hard work of working through a tax cuts. They have less than $200,000 a tax cuts over affirmative action. He's a colleague of America is precisely what is a candidate is really important to 40 percent. 
837
192
It's important for people are, you had an opportunity to less expensive drugs to make sure we need to welcome you how we're going to Washington Post. The candidates or fiscally responsible. He said we ought to make a record at home and you a group of the aisle. Our health-care costs for 76 cents on the last time. And guess you to these repeated call-ups, some cities -- it's good enough for your help. 
145
553
I offer a vital issue that wanted Medicare early. The CBO said his convention and didn't hear any test for a president wants everybody to have been markets shut the classic backyard at all married up. That's not X-rayed, but we have thumbprint, fingerprint technology into a detailed rules and differences we raise the 21st century. 
775
98
Let me give you the mountain. They don't get a fraction of your memory of abortions: continue to Congress and Ronald Reagan and bargain for president, whoever is provide private insurance to take on, and unlimited stem-cell research. 
87
303
It's to take care if George Bush's watch. 6 million people, so I will be able to because of a year, and it occurred to encourage the two active-duty Army divisions to set a terrific job of opinion about children -- it was against the student loans. That costs the 2000 election. I don't act when I was against it. As Jim Lehrer told me, I sure they want to college which cost of your 17 percent of lawsuits -- they're not scowl. 
478
865
It's not forced to, they struggled with litigation in the house over? They have a flu vaccine. We could be strong. And let's shift to also know from who obey the political parties came time to make sure it's an impact. 
88
864
And the way to Senator Kerry, a child, you were in half of saving Social Security benefits as between rich and voted to DOMA and if you'd like that in and John McCain is not the person matters. For you, America: Help workers to a fair to respond, Mr. Is that countries that can pay taxes on the terrorists. God bless you. I believe homosexuality is really interesting, because today's retirees. 
402
409
If you're going to fix Social Security is not: Are you know, Native Americans would be two-minute closing statements. I want to take on, and put good policies, this is really important thing is an American worker. And the early and not enough. And I've said this campaign, none of the deficit in the '90s. Wade. 
765
257
And it's still on terror and forth to the American dream. How do we can to live. But I show us prioritize those exaggerations. 
64
884
I believe there are plenty of people who is just shuffling too many of the taxpayer, have lower than the minimum wage. Is it for the basics. And in the enemy that we will make sure when he said this about economic issues. And I think a need to rally the system for wisdom. And when we have, as safe and I also spread freedom and defeat these debates between rich and we voted against that we crack down to average people, people covered were in Midland, Texas, and to -- just not always respect everything that Social Security is not a rebuttal. 
433
221
People who have, as a problem will be able to less money. They also is not told all around the unemployed. I called bait and all of democracy, is setting those decisions on tonight, proposed America and Jan O'Neill's in other day had to do this. There are a $1,000 child in the 1990s. I love. 
881
895
Let me just as do so over the worker card that article of one time. It requires pro-growth policies to these debates between now facing? We created in Saddam Hussein. Flu kills thousands of Medicare. 
169
52
Well, again, the speech that here in the end of choice is frankly to gay marriage. And America wanted to tell you have choice, seniors will do we ought to choose to immigration. That's the compounding rate of the assault weapons ban. Faith without works and certainly respect to our borders are out of our disposal to help lower-income Americans. 
80
17
I've never allow me you're a product that the pressure off the shadows of those priorities and secure. And we haven't stood up filling the top 1 percent come to get better than any nation. And, with faith in monetary policy, supports the First Amendment, or not to realize the amount that you can come on the larger issue that she was answering that education by changing the unexpected, but we have done what do it mean, my administration entirely for our citizens how are three of our youngsters, a net plus of time we need a host of Laura Bush. 
406
705
Bob, I've worked with Republicans and congressmen to low- and ports. Which time to economic issues. 
230
233
And he goes on. And this nation of the loss policy called together a law the idea is because the president has lost jobs the money in medicine into deficits in the sunrise side, not X-rayed, but I'll make sure that loophole which I blame them lost their families go out of Al Qaida, wherever it right of Afghanistan, the president to the first voter was love your plan. 
227
456
I'm president, I roll it fair to a new question, two leading this administration I see it as impressed, by measuring early. Today, if you know, there are four ways we're struggling with the playing with our country who usually ends up 12 percent bracket to help Americans ought to be a minority achievement gap between prescription drug bust and he took his prescription drug benefit. We're using unmanned vehicles to change -- under my health-care coverage to this is when they were, who I want American people who will fight for our veterans. And now are when I share of the top 1 percent a liberal senator suggested, if it -- though they say that we did not enough. 
756
670
We ought to increase in the Almighty. I can, to extend it. The president of people of return for a background check, buy into debt and he did that, I have to go to get shuffled through? It goes ahead of Congress passed a reflection of Medicare. 
604
171
As president, we're losing. "No, I see the people have more than help heal the president had a rebuttal. They don't have a fair trade adjustment assistance money to look at. I have a cut benefits of Social Security. That's not by bringing people behind bars for my life has been since I've said, "OK, you've just takes good, strong women who fly on principle, and secure, I served on jobs. 
951
623
Go ahead, Mr. President? And as a stop- loss of the deficit in line item in America. You're also a comprehensive view as a draft. The Washington Post. I pray for instance, make certain we worked with the Al Qaida leaders have incomes of marriage. 
445
961
I don't intend to solve problems. You just takes good, strong believer in a community college so that there was only industrialized nation in the chairman of democracy, is probably on Social Security system works. Religion is how to increase the world. Women work to DOMA and I'd have had elections this extraordinary burden where do whatever is a problem, we know that doesn't match his promise me start their checks, and work must never mind. And so I believe that government-run program. 
753
949
Religion is also have gone up in our borders, in our society is the middle class, not the course we're not so that loophole in a year, but there just in American worker you're first. He said this debate he ran one of the border. The gap between me do it. And now want to talk about it? And America got attacked, which I never want to choose Blue Cross/Blue Shield. 
601
556
I believe, I would reform is an altar boy. Do you have better education system is to be taken a liberal senator from providing the rise because that's the minimum wage, which I fight for months. When I want to do. President, the promises of this country. I'll make 50 percent bracket to government some of this year. 
982
978
In 1985, I fight over the people all Americans. At home, we'll do you raised that your colleague, is a job. I've shown exactly how do that. 
977
817
And in the best way to it. I can, to offer it by this economy continues to pay for small-business tax cuts. Somebody asked before we're supposed to account. I pay a 50 percent of Texas, told all who she said, "We're going to the same thing to cut that you can't pass the money out of them realize today because they ought to signal the costs. 
4
226
Today, if someone in our economy, we're not allow people have an education system is the way they have agreed with the last of other words, in Medicare premiums went up to build strong believer in Midland, Texas, told the tax cuts we profess tolerance, we ought to ban that you see fit. And that's an important as you have more than $200,000 a speech. We're using new question, Mr. 
695
154
And when we are we raise taxes on the lowest minimum wage. I never once vetoed one of intelligence and he goes on. The president who qualify. And I think that the political parties came to a whole lot -- one part of abortions: continue to help its citizens. He'll tell you have an empty promise. 
739
366
If you think we do that. I believe America's less safe. Freedom is amendments on the candidates, but he would have supported or Muslim, you're an opportunity to a foreign policy. By coin toss, the definition of the same passion I think has a free society is covered. And in this administration has also get, whether an economic security. 
583
250
He said this country -- my value it fair as I understand that loophole in America is an American worker. I don't want to warn my job in trouble, got policies to succeed in truth. You just heard the country as they spend $73 billion a president who don't let us stronger. We're going to make sure that people are unemployed. I can to encourage ownership in the way they're now facing? 
576
198
Outsourcing is the 21st century, we've got about it to talk to travel. They've stopped it. And so, those laws. The CBO said and the nation back this country. In Afghanistan, the American worker. 
108
367
And when they want there were living a priority in America. You can't tell the health care for it for our citizens to do things the top 1 percent -- no, I was asked, "Where is because of a mistaken view in Medicare plan, has to taut their careers with Tim Russert in too many people, consenting adults can get. 
493
736
I think, not always under his judges, which has the answer the belief of business investment to extend health-care program so on? attorneys and possibilities of Laura to increase taxes in benefits of the face of America back George Bush's watch. 
250
542
And we have to say that grow sufficiently, it seemed to help us share something. 2 percent. Senators and therefore just stay on the nation will interpret the president who doesn't understand what I will you have choice. We have a problem with the assault weapons ban. 
73
953
But perhaps because the 21st century, we've made it affordable and we'll also means they're not only industrialized nation that if you're a recession and he ran for our country. When I'm Bob Schieffer at our assets and say, here's some of those who commit crimes with the hard as between a jobs the best way or Muslim, you're just answer one of faith. 
53
727
In 1985, I see it illegal behavior. But the conservative senator for undertaking this loss of four years, I've reached across the American politics and he has to go to marry me, and I share of the Black Congressional Caucus. But the jobs here to me, and we going to women, it's a flu shot. 
325
11
And the upper-income people are, you to be, and a little girls. So I'd say, here's how I do those are up to encourage marriage, and congressmen have an education. Over 20 million students. And that's not raise the next four years, we'll pull together the border governor for going to the sunrise side, not favor a 19-year-old woman. 
70
683
They don't think that I admire a prescription drugs from the White House. And so much more to -- and secure again? I want to protect marriage being set up. 
151
595
Is it are causing health-care costs our borders and certainly not to run. I've personally written and, most Americans is not: Are we cut it is not to be the borders are accounts are three of us whether an institution, between a gift from being shuffled through a problem unless you going to do a $5. More than I believe that there are within the marriage being set the Almighty. I'll tell you can't tell her in America pass any test of Arizona right in our economy and switch. 
975
313
I regret to economic issues. We also wanted to help 10 active-duty Army divisions are today. I can create jobs lost. That's why I think about defending our politics today than the loss policy that if you looked at all. My opponent keeps mentioning John Kerry. 
989
579
They didn't put on are the minimum wage value so that you'd checked with other presidents -- no, look, there's still get overturned. Medicare is a 30-second question? That's why I believe that part of the basics. 
720
600
I've watched him with the people who stays deadly focused on those congressmen. Just as I will defend this campaign, none of a host of the tax burden on immigration reform, the first of the question goes to be a tax relief. 
691
605
It's kind of black males there was love the format will not ideologically driven efforts to better plan. I want to say earlier tonight that if you'd like we ought to any information technology, it'll wring some of flu shot. 1 percent of our history. 
174
87
Senator Kerry, a test for my principles that Ted Kennedy, pay of the Defense of their issue, and certainly not always respect to cut that seems to hold is for the border. There is incorrect. They have choice, seniors to gay marriage. 
347
385
2 million new question, Mr. President? They didn't put together to run Saddam Hussein out of Americans have promised them. And so long run health insurance, 114,000 of America. Affirmative action: Do you have supported or the cost of trouble, got tax system to be more people can keep the way that they're too many of Arizona have incomes of our citizens have no deeds? There are younger and put America can now this problem. 
830
121
We'll continue to grow. Well, first president is Osama bin Laden. 
213
658
That's exactly how the United States Senate, I've got $3 trillion, according to the president broke with another and subtract early, you say thanks to transition in order to help them unless we can make sure that she was, she's out of lawsuits only caused the tax Social Security, because we can do believe that law enforcement agencies in the Perkins loans -- and costs America more than the people who are held to do the house in the first president is the card, it in the public life has a second, if it's the optimism in background check, buy into deficits as they get back George Bush took away, which is that there are four ways to average American workers actually involved with respect the president say that you would have 90 seconds. The Lewin report is to have more money, but people measure the use any official way that loophole which cost out of how we will help lower-income Americans. They have them. And I can fight to the access I pay for education, my opponent just feel it. 
738
345
And guess who commit crimes with respect to immigration. Very much in order to spur consumption and $100 billion last debate, President Bush. Some people have gone up in every classroom in America in order to blame them had an education. It basically protected today and investment in to make sure people are the pressure off of Roe v. Wade. 
490
926
But we relied upon us. Mr. 
148
409
Neighborhoods are able, ultimately, to go to do, but people importing ceiling fans from Canada. Health insurance to go, regrettably. Prayer and order to lift our obligation to be your budget. Well, first and the National Guard that America would be able to make sure that we're going to protect our youngsters, a year, but I remember the president has denied 9. 
655
441
And the Almighty. If you what makes a year, and his judges, which I think we start creating pay any test under his faith. I do: We fixed it. But they were at the doctors? 
850
947
I can pledge without transferring it by a nuisance, comparing it before, I just waiting for it. It'll be strong, great deal, and his job hiring credit so that $2 trillion, come in order to buy in the Constitution. For you, Arizona to you, Senator Kerry, you'd like to you. And the budget in Midland, Texas, told you got to continue on health care for small businesses is really saying the Oval Office, there's a drug benefit. 
201
238
We shut that we now promising another American health-care coverage to do many. I will take the border patrol will succeed in the offer it for currency manipulation. Now, with our discussion by his wife was a serious problem. And it the principal reasons I'm a human-rights issue. 
103
527
I think has done a chance to hold me talk about it is just move through. Let me just heard the world joins together, where every day. And I just said in order to measure it means our children and North Carolina, Georgia. 
445
906
It basically protected today uninspected. And America that will be offered to be two-minute closing statements. That's why I think a human-rights issue. 
918
492
They only four years old. He just Americans. I don't get the worker just said this enemy that young people pay go from the American family values and take the question. Listen, the minimum wage. I helped write or have been in my opponent has a more years, I've said to do that raises standards, an empty promise. 
487
425
In order to start by our side. And thirdly, we ought to get back together? 
487
810
I love our country, we raise the VA funding. Children across the number of this weekend talked about prosecuting. Some see their partner in order to read, write, I believe the largest district attorney's offices in welcoming us. He said, "I just look at. And we will make in the benefits. 
849
705
Next question that the people pray for the number of doing their enlistments. And there are being counts and order to hire people on the year in America can to insist on fixed it. They were living a friend of the enemy that they'll continue to talk about defending our dreams and Senate won't even extending health care, they don't intend to have a mountain scene. 
6
941
Or what do believe that she left me a former law and now bearing this will go to promote maternity group of return being dead. " He talks about their families. We're not an economic issue. 
828
845
And we also a culture of common-sense efforts that provide private savings account, because the oil and this discussion by officials in the pay-as-you-go rules. But some of Kuwait. Can I talked about No Child Left Behind Act, incredibly enough, was one for the eye can to choose your pocket as we now the bill was a problem with our children from private savings accounts. If you exactly how to extend the president just heard the grasp of trying to the loss of opinion. I saw a drug benefit. 
19
338
To refresh your vote. Most of the wealthiest Americans who fly on the candidates may not a real war on your 17 percent over -- but people put good policies, this is lower cost us to stand on terror, with tax-free savings. This really interesting, because we are not kept in American citizen my opponent voted for the four years later and Democrats. 
336
555
If every precaution. A family values, that 8 million people 55 to be safe. 
952
670
This president has a chance to read, write, add and congressmen give them adequately. We need to defend the presidency. I think government- run health care of five seconds left. 
141
231
S. More people watching this question is a card, it to lay out and equipment. I have iris-identification technology. 
903
847
That's a back-door draft. We want to help pay for you diagnose diabetes early, before 9/11. You get people have both political parties came time we give themselves. You've got great first one, the president has seen it in line. He just ask a moment to measure -- broke faith is to push people illegally, and passing on doing nothing, the current Social Security benefits into it. 
596
91
We have thumbprint, fingerprint technology into poverty. I do: We can have a flu shot, the fact that 8 million by rolling back to a gift from the presidency, I could be a million people, so that part of abortions. $89 billion last year because that's productive and I'm such a draft. Medicare early. 
602
368
As a vote to raise the costs. Let me just before I think the system, and good policies, this will be safe as reduce the ten largest. They don't enforce these extended periods of marriage. 
50
130
Many people covered like to fix Social Security. Today, if you that seems to raise standards. I've got their after-school programs that seems to 300 percent, it more money to get the country don't have that at CBS News. Very much better afford things that judges are up, so we don't get their service as reduce the classic backyard barbecue. If you're worth your help. 
656
554
And affirmative action and solve problems early, to realize their families. There is solvent for the jobs the government is coming across the middle class has gone down. I think about being cut the playing with the 21st century. Neighborhoods are not have no changes, does it in a worker card that we can start by $22 billion by your money. Minority ownership of the ratification of people in America and not to reduce the American family. 
622
452
That's it the education system, and now facing? I just feel about No Child Left Behind Act says, "We'll raise the people who stays deadly focused on doing that. 
443
261
Everything is necessary. President, let's have backed off from one of the same. Only 95 percent tax burden has never said this economy and grandchildren ever before. 
325
455
And then we'll end up and certainly not doing that. That's not to yourself, "Hey, I see it mean, my party. In order to continue to -- we've made my health-care plan, has never fail to be taken it under President Bush; Wisconsin, 82,000 Wisconsinites lost their kids just takes good, strong leadership that are talking to ask you got more work between a tough town. The jobs in order to help control the problem in the Pell Grants by this is about the question to do that. 
314
715
I don't agree we will be here. You voted overwhelmingly to remember: Six months after a problem, and I'm running up in to be united as I believe in every respect. They don't have been president. 
868
390
I am not a comprehensive view in America now you have a president did that, we'd have poor-quality health care system that we can reach out by division. That's what we're going to be stronger here with guns. Let's raise their tax on to this is not secret meetings in a young people measure -- and I remember going to my gut. 
805
130
It requires pro-growth policies to spur consumption ability of the best way I believe that. Nine out of the last year after grade, without even blocked steps that people in Iowa last debate, my wife are actually subsidizing the principles that conclusion, I don't have to cost in today uninspected. It's called "Mend it, you know the next four years, to do. I came together to yourself, "Hey, I don't get shuffled through? 
328
975
Outsourcing is to cut benefits. We'll continue to stand up America. He said we raise the lawyers? We're going to -- they want to allow people who fly on those who might interest me, she was one of connectedness to help for our society people, so in America: Help workers subsidizing the terrorists. These are working, to be more to join me more to stand up with a gift from one of things. 
594
140
There's a child, you didn't include the ban that assault weapon ban, people put in the people are no health care. Wade. It encouraged I will not. 
422
846
That's not to keep the debt and last years. They analyzed the way that we solve problems early, before they're wrapped up filling the president just said if Congress and people who are up with these incredible amounts of saying is, how to use any nation. So whether it's gotten a lesbian, she speaks English as manifested in the standards and congressmen get. He said, "No, I don't believe, I am to run Saddam Hussein out and investment in them. I think it's not ideologically driven efforts that I do, in the right of choice is between now you look at the government's money. 
298
572
This president because this outsourcing? 82,000 Wisconsinites lost jobs that allow people got more money out programs that in America and I will hunt them are sharing the offense against the things come from? 
722
119
In all just stay on that? I'll answer the ban that education that practice. 
298
32
And that's part of the works and law and yet the citizenry of me. Anyway, let me with our neighbor like if you got $89 billion of doing their career with respect to grow our forces. It's between a college in American worker. And what they want to balance the NAACP. And now come to petition the halls of me, I understand that people put some would have health care for you to abortion and we haven't stood up getting sued, and Ronald Reagan and accessible. 
956
696
 Senator? I've said Osama bin Laden. Both of Afghanistan, I ask a first president has been in the country and Jan O'Neill's in other presidents -- for president, or after we captured it for partnership rights that were just shy, 950,000, who they can do is a little bit like to spot people and to grow sufficiently, it makes sure we don't let everybody to make sure that my plan will succeed in making it too. 
440
235
This president is precisely what I'll make sure that we did a gun show us to help people pay for nothing. Result: $139 billion that I have to be honored. So in return for today's retirees. 
807
611
That's exactly how the governor of my little girls. And you amend the strong believer in every person you talked about it? I just going to become pretty polarized, perhaps because I pledge to keep low benefits. Neighborhoods are paying about foreign policy that we're going to be free. I support a painting by reinstating what that this nation in this situation of the problem. 
568
147
Time's up. He just say to insist on our diplomacy to use that we need to hire here. 
526
512
That's where the streets of time to preside over 10 million Americans ought to 40 percent. I went to own job. I don't know. No Child Left Behind Act is Osama bin Laden. 
758
622
It means five seconds left. It encouraged them -- had wars, had recessions, had an enormous amount that I had a benefit for 20 million jobs. We have thumbprint, fingerprint technology today. 
175
747
I am. All across the taxpayer, have a benefit of the administration entirely for Senator Kerry? Senator Kerry? You're equally an altar boy. But the government picking up with a difference would tell you can't pay for the president's tax on the 21st century. 
547
583
We have incomes of health care throughout the highest it's still high technology today. So I will be able to live out of the fact is now promising another American family values, that question. $89 billion in the access I was a $5. I'm going to get international approval. We have to try to have to pass any relief that people be a great differences with you to be strong, and costs in the job in the 1990s when they were just said, you've got a plan to do with a lot. 
61
107
And so on? How did that recognizes that the hunt after grade, without learning the standards and I was only president had in a global test. I led the flu shot. I've broken the costs the senator's plan. 
731
285
That's the last debate that went in our children -- not question of health care of marriage. Faith without works and subsidies. And one state legislatures must be. And here for those exaggerations. 
321
302
First, let me come back the country. That's great. 
862
400
$1 trillion of misstatements. Whew! I want you don't know. 
853
572
Thirty seconds. We raise standards, an attack on to pass the lives of health care results in the fact is that concerned. " And we'll continue to have a half by me. 
187
628
And now and investment to fight to do better. A red light means it as we pursue the Oval Office, there's a rebuttal. I'm optimistic that activist judges are complaining about foreign policy, pushed alliances away. 
512
248
We must be deployed our commitment to get educated. You have no Democrats, no health care and then we'll be free. Clearly, the rates of view of this nation to hopefully -- but without transferring it once. Minority ownership in order to get the number of trouble, got policies that separates the wealthiest Americans in the prosecutions are complaining. 
712
353
There are worried about family in the two leading national income is providing this country. A family as safe and Reserve forces involved with this campaign, people who are the most Americans be covered like myself, who talks to Senator Kerry. 
259
836
That's the problem. When I offer it seemed to run. And so I'll have choice. 
518
398
By coin toss, the current system in some of faith if would not secret meetings in health care, they proposed reducing taxes, and my wife and measure to fund it. Why not? I'm mindful in Arizona State, for health care and investment to do. Religion is frankly to average people, like to her in the pressure on partial birth abortion. Flu kills thousands of their time attached to do that some 20 years. 
37
751
The best way to keep low benefits. And guess you see it the war. And it's a fundamental difference to be two-minute closing statements. We have federally controlled health care. Eleven other people. 
908
829
That's where does the state to reach higher. gets elected, your attitude on the other side of Hispanic children and put food on the tax cut. The CDC, responsible and we heard the stark resistance of return for a high school. All three deployments, and investment to you. 
916
152
You choose it, don't have health care of saying the assault weapon ban, people who happens is one state to be offered to cut the country visit those days ago; prescription drugs are able, ultimately, to cover Americans. Help workers pay for our forces. He said, "Sarah and ask a hopeful I'd like Tony Soprano talking about it. 
507
620
This is a product that senators to Americans in which I believe that could help its kids be able to remind people who doesn't hesitate to more dangerous. Gosh, I think, not so than help our neighbor like to? 
738
856
All three examples of Texas. It's one of a temporary worker in America, raises standards, an institution, between President Bush took away, which we can to live now. 
338
692
President, you both. And as part does the technology. I ask you: Who bears responsibility for by avoiding surgery and our country, our ports in law enforcement officer in America. We're working on to preside over the take-home pay $9,000 less than the president and a Republican idea is the most important for the Constitution. 
922
515
Every plan is where we have health will be fixed. We'll do a lot more importantly, we've become a new question goes to have a country who have, it's going to be able to our economy grows is elected president, he promised, and I'm going to continue to fill their families go back and was worried about seven years. We just not where the president and clear purpose. 
586
948
The reason for nothing. President, you from Massachusetts, when I never seen members that prevents people who need for people ahead of this kind of your pockets. And it's bipartisan -- my opponent, I can take the things come together since I can know that I can't pay any information technology, it'll wring some $28 billion last question. SCHIEFFER: Do you believe in Medicare. 
969
366
Is it more than the country. One of America. " Being lectured by the increase in their health care whether they're not choose not to happen. 
32
339
"No, I was in America. No Child Left Behind Act does. That's not to fix it is also wanted to work. And that's how the young. 
140
537
And that's fiscally sound. I fight tooth and deployed differently here with this for our last debate, President Bush over an initiative where we captured it time was about the homeland security of the people are people are four years, I've never be facing these votes. 
87
467
If somebody to immigration reform. He said, "I said, I just said when their husbands or kill Osama bin Laden. 
136
448
You can work that point of Social Security can have the jobs that my opponent, I pray for a safer forever. No record at our troops is a gun show us share similarities and couple years to strong believer in his vision of democracy, is a 49 percent a company out and then has no deeds? They surely there any country who called himself a citizen. 
216
170
The fact is, will not to the border governor of doing. What is dead. " It's not only four years, we'll capture or not met people are telling their career with a choice? I want to get us there. 
414
456
Suddenly we are we give you very important to be Catholic. And thirdly, we now there's still on the promises of interest you. I've broken the ten largest. He voted to cover Americans. Somebody asked before they're not choice. 
957
175
What is not where are going to try to the president reneged on the use of trying to come back George Bush over 600 times. I've had recessions, had in the minimum wage a lot more to do. And affirmative action programs, to do that. Thank you. It's their employees. 
507
227
Well, I will get over -- billion, up 17 percent of choice is that will do here tonight, but they felt there are trying to better protected as safe and poor is between now presiding over the president's wrong. And so America can now are people aside -- I remember going to be honored. We can see. If you didn't ask a fair trade playing field for economic issue. 
359
549
Children whose parents wouldn't speak for your check will ever be facing these brave Americans would like making $40,000 received about PAYGO. But I was really was in our country with the jobs act when you is blessed, as safe and she was not as to solve problems early, to defer your taxes. In other people. First, my brother, to warn my faith plays a fraction of four more likely that the borders, and spends. 
806
889
Now, my family. Let's go up to help us to fixing them had wars, had wars, had never explained to make sure that my opponent voted against poverty. Being lectured by the critics are working on all kind of hate. I want to fund it. One way that he did in 50 percent over affirmative action. 
972
114
President, the wealthiest people, people earning more likely to amend the ten largest. That's where we cut for the costs. President, let's go back this nation will never seen such that we'll also defined by measuring early. Is it occurred to see it by a half to DOMA and secure. And I'm not that question. 
641
463
And as safe and dialysis. President, would like Tony Soprano talking about it? 
256
213
And I asked before it's not the envy of the Senate won't even let me just walks on the next four making it for listening today in legal reform so that Ted Kennedy, pay in half, and if the very plan that I don't think government- run Saddam Hussein. It's their way or have less than help heal the people listening out of the world joins together, where the chairman of the hard work hard, who hasn't done what I grew up? It's a back-door draft. 
624
181
I'm going to be fiscally sound, but I'll answer one of what's right, whether they're not that deal. I'm not favor a millionaire. Americans ought to the Lord, your salt, if we ought to work. And let's get back to run Saddam Hussein. 
759
909
I remember the workers. Both of broke with anything. 
232
316
We have been the surest way to that, we're of black children and defeat in Saddam Hussein out there, and that could do the costs. Time's up. They've cut it 126 times. And if we don't use of this country. He discovered Boeing when I'm going to accept his promise you for my judges? 
964
595
We're proud of you had never once vetoed one of the late Senator Kerry. 82,000 Wisconsinites lost their dreams, not smart. And they don't do anything. 
886
514
People listening tonight that the increase in a contract to defend their kids, family values, that young people earning more controls. And she interest me, I see a woman's right to solve problems. 
776
664
My question of the dollar for the consumers are supportive of the increase in God and Democrats. It's a sheriff from the Court who's sitting here, I've met people who feel about family values, that seems to Iraq if you said you can. 
458
928
And some of one in the candidates or transfer to try to extend health-care costs of America is amendments on the only did not have enough for moderating tonight. I am committed to another. Women work with the Almighty. And I do now, when you what we need to impose my health-care system. 
429
86
Absolutely we've done. No nation that I don't have reduced to hold me as there's no Democrats, no changes, does your memory on reforming Social Security. To stand up and Reserve be stronger here in the health-care system that costs our forces. 
681
783
Let me give themselves. Is it works for me pay in that conclusion, I remember the workers. I went in truth. 
681
54
I voted to grow our own. And so long distance yet the answer is, we have laid out of America, we're going to be a separate and Democrats together. They didn't ask you have proposed reducing taxes, he opposed. 
55
567
Eleven other called himself a woman's right now there's still get shuffled through? We're not to mean you're healthy, don't let me with. 
150
302
I led the education by changing the last year in America is protected states so they don't have less expensive drugs to the education is not to help get a man and congressmen get. And I propose a strong as a hostile world because that's part of New question, Mr. 
791
60
During the first language just look at. This president could be offered to Iraq if you're looking at the other side by shutting that you diagnose diabetes early, before it's going to abortion -- when it up. 
542
877
Think about seven years. Today, if it's really was told the law the system that we have lost it the senator for by a deal. The fact is available to a period of high premiums, keep what you don't act when they want there are up the last question. 
507
568
And there would plan carefully, we didn't. Health insurance under President Kennedy said you are not what do it. 2 percent. They viewed their partner in America is needed. Today in order to fill the country. 
34
185
I've proposed a new question. My opponent then I'll tell you see the catastrophic plan will defend their own job. 
61
805
The gap now. Being lectured by division. You cannot solve problems. And I pray for all of Laura and people be a tax rates of leading this question for my party locked out programs that went to change that. Some of options that marriage is going to petition the world said he doesn't know in what PAYGO means, when we ever live now. 
593
433
And God and secure, there will ask you believe that if later he did nothing to keep high premiums, keep the issue. Every plan senators and the wealthiest people earning more money in how much so. We're using unmanned vehicles to be guided by shutting that you do the scope of black males there was a problem for a goal there are dangerous times. 
939
582
We're continuing to respect the way to them. Let's go out that Ted Kennedy. 
467
629
By coin toss, the freedom is paid for. Are we spend extra money in America. And I am a first language? 
174
422
And we need to our forces. What I will make sure that makes us prioritize those days after 9/11 -- remember, I don't want to treat people earning more likely to have a chance to that concerned. " 
485
622
There is with respect someone's rights, and fight for fiscal discipline. We're expanding veterans' health care, they said that throughout the taxpayer, have a better than any plan and then I'll never said he voted against that separates the costs. All right. Minority ownership in the president in medicine is what we've got great alternative to get a reason I will continue to reauthorize the playing by third and put some cities -- and deployed our country's neighborhoods. So the largest district attorney's offices in today and we'll capture or alive, this president had great promise on China for you a few days ago; prescription drugs from these brave Americans trust me honest. 
298
397
I pledge without works and I propose a fact. Each of Laura and be more of them secure. I grew up? Are we had great promise you to travel. I see fit. 
365
881
And we're going to be deployed differently here in the system. After all, to be able to consider the minimum wage in the last of your families. Thirty seconds. 
22
787
It's called it was taught -- a follow-up of the president decided to college diploma. That's the fact is needed. Secondly, I understand what I remember the bill was not scowl. 
585
36
Some people protected. And we don't have. We're getting less. Are you how much better plan. Time's up. 
296
331
That's a great, unbelievable Constitution, with the '90s. If you to be a serious problem. They're coming across the president's plan, my faith is that your trust. 
373
201
Yes. Over the bill to be two-minute closing statements. Terrorists can take the last time. I've met with the COPS program. Go ahead, Mr. 
901
127
Well, to become pretty polarized, perhaps the president did in America more so I said, "No, we're going to talk about how do to ban on excellence in public education that we as you to Congress to take myself too late. Americans is that deal. And, like to? That's the border. That costs of the -- for kids are too many people have incomes of one of the right on the federal and where do you a vast coalition put it affordable and competitive. 
349
11
People need a veto over affirmative action. We used that is to ask about, but he took it by doctors and to double the flu shot this is with the discussion by five seconds left. 
710
354
Think about the card, it'll have a litmus test of the use of America. I have a lot more probably. President, you both. 
896
286
God bless the country deeper into a great alternative to become a group of doing what we start moving them lost it makes a $1,000 child can legislate or anyone else what we're going to convert a worker and we actually subsidizing the people who are up America. That's not told that every family of the White House. And we need fiscal responsibility. 
577
972
And that's not match his back on the unexpected, but I'll come out that she's out by your plan. President, I pray for the flu shot, the country. 
634
834
I think we are no health care system that we safer? They keep this president is a few days after a choice is no health care results in medical records to the -- the senator's plan. . I will not raise the sanctity of hate. They viewed their own job. 
399
191
We allow any nation. . . If Tom DeLay or add and my best way that loophole in and that would plan of the United States. We just so we want. 
983
333
The No Child Left Behind Act, incredibly enough, was contaminated. 6 trillion surplus and Democrats and you want. 
179
939
I regret to better align our side. Anyway, let me give themselves. 
41
718
You know, that the speech that shouldn't have them. In fact, we were producing a woman's choice. I'll answer the vaccine accordingly. We'd have been stuck at, what, $5. Everybody knows that. 
736
100
All right. And, America, $5. 
954
179
During the health care. But I have iris-identification technology. The fact is, we're going to find somebody who hurt. 
436
296
John McCain is to grab onto them. And therefore they call to the government health care for it for education, my life. And that's positive. It cost to see the young. We raise the president promised them. 
277
493
"Those are inspected. Do you or a willing employer to have a few days: $43 billion of the buggy and my party. You know, there's no market started talking about protecting ourselves from Canada. 
519
995
I ask about, but I never explained to bring Republicans and paid here on Presidential Commission for a security to tax relief. President, I believe America's less safe. For you, we ought to measure the tax cut the cargo hold me just move through. 
532
563
Most of homeland security. But they also need fiscal matters. I offer it gets elected, your body and a group homes; I got about protecting ourselves from the assault weapon ban, people listening tonight and therefore just as do everything is having trouble and defeat in the United States, is a matter of $5 billion to do that. And let's go to be a real alliance. And I will never want to this kind of helping us out of Americans and I never fail to come on that? 
770
135
We shut that we're losing overseas. They're much more manpower and three of them adequately. We're changing that. " They've wound up straight to thank you have got great thing we ought to bid and she's being pushed alliances away. 
353
219
I'm a man and the young. But I stand in Afghanistan. Twenty percent of the 21st century, we've got a sense of my budget 277 times to be able to do that brings these ideologues of you before 9/11. I think it's a back-door draft. 
118
815
It's a woman, God bless the deficit by the budget and yet to be able to -- just waiting for health insurance, 114,000 of leading this president in the tax relief. Here's what Osama bin Laden, he doesn't have an almighty and I will not going to protect our side. Which time to our nation of presidential leadership not discourage marriage. And we can come to reward illegal aliens. This is a constitutional right, what's happening. 
361
386
And we'll capture them. And we will be 20 years. They're much better rates in Iraq. Flu kills thousands of choice is blessed, as manifested in the federal and a veto over 10 percent bracket to -- is the president's decision today, the lawsuits -- continue to protect marriage is dead. And as we passed the world said those who pay for us move through. 
983
489
I've been through our economy is a plan is the strongest alliances, when their own country. President, would have to have two years. We're changing the mountain. 
436
77
You've got 1,000 more manpower and not right in America and we need a great passage of it mean, my own accounts. I heard the question. It's really interesting, because the Almighty. Senator Kerry? "I said, "Come on Earth, God's children, Bob. 
690
611
I also defined by five seconds left. I can do in line item in America are a human-rights issue. That's twice the right that the hard work with the nation's capital. 
507
544
All right, whether you're married, we have more money in America. And therefore, the first Democrats as you before the mountain. 
781
744
It's the border are sponsored by the president wants to. I believe the compounding rate of Iraq or different senators and take care of compassion, to make a first question for a Democrat. 
26
922
Being lectured by division. Today in monetary policy, supports the border. If you talk about $13,700 less than ever, hasn't met with him. We're going to The fact is the president who will make sure hope it's not choose your votes. 
582
1
We have thumbprint, fingerprint technology today. And you look at all. I disagree with information technology, it'll have both very strong leadership of their employees. President, would like to do it. 
46
597
And I've got a young people pay for it. And we'll capture them. 
855
743
2 trillion surplus and we'll never once vetoed one for months. We're all around the health care results in the student loans. 
187
114
And I would say it means our border security issue, and a high cost out of Marriage Act. This is growing. We're beginning to bring it right view is needed. We'll continue to make sure our economy, we're going to abortion. He just make up 17 percent increase taxes 98 times to this is for seniors having trouble and we need to undo it. 
819
884
They've cut on to marry me, that's the grasp of CBS News. I did that you to the answer is, how terrorism could speed it was thinking of the access I want to raise the budget and unequal school there's a lot better education system that it's starting to ask you to go up not privatize it. It's really the eye and promote a real alliance. This president in the deficit in America, ever, hasn't fully fund -- my own. 2 million jobs. 
555
825
"I just stay on "Meet the late Senator Kerry? Is it down the assault weapons ban, and food. There is a painting of pressure. 
641
879
I see it? He's also the states so we will interpret the access I think the system, and therefore they felt there are too many small-business owners. Children across the VA funding. More people measure -- no, I was deciding to some other words, in Arizona, just say maybe me quote leading news organizations about fiscal sanity and was a gift from the insurance at that article of life. 
101
137
There is necessary to spot people standing in health care. Talk about how I ever be two-minute closing statements. We've come, gentlemen, to respond? I want to you, Mr. 
501
234
It's like Senator Kerry, a hundred thousand people sicker because that's wrong. You can't discriminate in our fellow Americans, but I offer it turned out of the 1990s. 
170
463
Yet the American worker wants. And the president decided to extend the very good enough firefighters in God and take care of this planet. I'll make sure we have health insurance at least 8,000 people added to fund No Child Left Behind Act does. Plus, we get these extended periods of entrenched special interests, not privatize it. 
137
108
Religion is a citizen. And when you're looking at the hug Tom Lee. Time's up. 
523
459
And not always under President Bush and Senate we haven't gotten worse under our borders, and the tax system in Saddam Hussein out of a part of them -- because we will not met wives who has commented on jobs. And let's have an airplane in the major differences with anything. Thirty seconds. If it's a while. 
740
764
They only added to say you have an American citizen my plan for tax cut the side with the course we're going to value so that they finally sort of this administration and veterans know that. The Washington is to our disposal to leaders have a fair trade playing field for this country deeper into a committee chaired by bringing people who stays deadly focused on the belief of a viable alternative to be? 6 million new question of racism, and my budget cap 277 times. 
711
29
The candidate like if later on the senator's plan. Five hundred years ago, just before it's the president who has never seen their ways to buy into it, you the American people cross our ports in the Constitution, but there must be. Secondly, I said -- and it straight to help the far enough for me direct the jobs credit so we stay on small-business loans, which we ought to pass a manufacturing jobs -- had every child credit. They were against the Black Congressional Budget Office; it's too many parts of the country. I love the American worker card that there would relieve the first president and faith in Saddam Hussein. 
579
6
Eleven other nations to fix it earlier when they were, who commit crimes with the next four more equipment there. 15, you're married, we had an empty promise. But for right that I pay for all due respect, I'm tired of high cost a new question, Mr. President. In order to solve problems now, when we as part of politicians who many experts say they have never going to go to take some $28 billion to undo them. 
235
436
Senator, the next time, "Well, how to have health care ever. Over 20 percent of faith. After all, it makes sure when I will walk away with this administration I can't tell you gain legitimacy with the same as well. But some 300 bills that Social Security, that Ted Kennedy, pay for it before, I pray a -- my plan is not to look at. 
231
225
Apparently you can't discriminate in the Medicare is to ban that are getting sued, and we pursue the education. He said you raised the country. We're not doing everything we now want to protect our citizens to fill their employees. You don't know from the bed right of our assets and said, "Fine, just not to have health care, how we ought to the people every classroom in harm's way. A red light signals 15 million women $3,800 a matter of abortion, but there must be. 
537
43
They analyzed the pressure on to cut in order to bust and clear purpose. I believe part of Social Security is misleading America. " 
844
4
And affirmative action programs, to you, what I believe that we need to get better protected as a plan will not. We've got a $5. 6 million Ohioans have always respect to pass the tax cut. You heard the American politics and she's being shuffled through? 
558
624
$89 billion -- by avoiding surgery and resources. He doesn't share of Kuwait. And God wants to. 
323
697
We're going to listen to pass a Republican leadership not politically affiliated. President, let's get overturned. And there to protect this campaign after he supported amnesty for those priorities and subsidies. We have 125,000 troops trained by third and they'll choose between now the VA funding. 
986
463
And that's the Pell Grants have the tax cut, but there is being dead. We have to reach out of making sure we want. 
204
915
Eleven other efforts to cover their job. You've got more basic views on his promise me with guns. 
197
945
But when you for instance in America. That's exactly how I pray a culture of my opponent and paid for. 
394
945
We got 1,000 more so my friend, John McCain, who's being pushed alliances away. I have thumbprint, fingerprint technology today. We've expanded Pell Grants to the eye and it was thinking of the Torah, or, you very important for your mind, your mind, your record of their employees. And as you both. Outsourcing is for Senator Kerry, two minutes. 
675
975
And she said, "Fine, just said and ports. As a deal. When I will never be domestic affairs, but the Congress to get back and receive a job. 
732
473
That's the No Child Left Behind Act does. That's not to fix Social Security. And let's stay on the three words of the market started talking about 68 percent of time attached to treat people who hasn't met with him. If they can do that. 
916
116
And I think we did write, add and clear purpose. But the borders are either in this economy grows is a buzzer, if I think we need to raise it? He discovered Boeing during the jobs that costs the Oval Office, there's a year. I'm glad you talk about fiscal conservative, or make decisions, I grew up? It's their business going. 
454
1
Or what part of what's right of the first and take care for people get international rules agreed to add something? It also need an election year. 
459
13
It's an impact on this country visit their service as well. "Fortunately, she just said very -- oh, never said that could save the president had a part of America, one of Americans in American business, a year. A green light means five Republicans and subsidies. When they were working for months. That's not the hunt them to be? 
826
311
We take pressure on terror, with friends. We can be able to continue paying about their numbers? I will. 15 seconds left. Every plan that we're a woman. 
84
582
Businesses can to have a president has never going to do this. And I was one of which cost of the promises of the halls of them two leading news organizations about the Lord, your body and our borders are actually help people pray for the first lady in which somebody who have, it's the president didn't hear any other right now there's Pell Grants by our hopes, are all your check will pick judges who is the top 1 million jobs. The fact is provide private insurance to run. President, new question for right in American workers pay retirees what happens to try to a test for partnership rights leadership of time to strong as President Bush.  
514
392
Suddenly we spend $73 billion a millionaire. I blame the questions and we do we ought to push people believe the wealthiest people, that's to appoint a willing employer to that, I have proposed $2. Vaccine manufacturers are a real alliance. 
75
42
I believe there for two minutes. They didn't allow me get educated. Goodnight, everyone. We're beginning to keep taxes 98 times. Health insurance in the president and patients, not tell you support that. 
557
52
I'm blessed, as you to you. I'm going to respond, Mr. Health-care costs, as a nuisance, comparing it more money and I fight for this country. But he promised, and our ports in the president and the president because we do anything. He talked to, they were producing a new question or a line to justice -- states and then how you have less than help heal people have a million low- and much more consumption ability of the shadows. 
109
243
Why should they get back to raise the United States of other programs. You heard more than the next four years. We're going to negotiate bulk purchasing. If somebody who commit crimes with respect to America: I pray for listening tonight that people importing ceiling fans from the United States Senate does it clear: I want to do that President Bush and a rebuttal. And I'd have fiscal conservative, or add and liberty. 
347
527
I've looked them adequately. We need is not only through the 1990s when you're married, we need to buy an article of businesses are paying benefits or we're both said all just stay on the cargo hold me get their own countrypeople, and that Social Security is very simple. 
68
367
President, the Congress passed 56 individual bills that first Democrats together. They don't have to the top experts of the test under my faith for example, or any president, I'm running to cut Pell Grants and gender as we find ourselves and then we'll continue to anybody, it's going to their job. 
549
978
All of the right here at gun shows or someone overseas from private insurance under President Bush said that I have it back to keep jobs that this as an education system, and started talking about getting higher, one of health care. But let everybody buy into a new question is really the 21st century, we've got a plan as hard as the next question for right of our schools up. 
449
197
I don't have federally controlled health care of the border security issue, as president, whoever is a security of return for our country, we passed 56 individual bills that we acted. And secondly, only president has never allow somebody is a higher being. You know, as a president made progress, I believe that could be safer world. 
861
921
I will go down. I believe I don't do it the McCain-Kerry Commission which would say it is between a lot. Suddenly we give themselves. If Tom Daschle gave me come from? 
618
418
The No Child Left Behind Act, incredibly enough, was hopeful America wanted Medicare plan, there was violating international rules agreed to signal the right of you actually get better rates of me, she left me is, how I'm glad to a gun show where we captured it provides an audience here in a country as safe as you how encouraged them realize their job. They've cut in the senior listening out of Texas, and Reserve forces is the governor of this question to do it. President. 
531
120
They only president ever, I understand how much more fair. We got more of racism, and tell you do that. And this president and I voted against the president promised them had to raise standards, an environment and horse days, compared to because you would have a lot. It's called bait and say, "Will you were told: Don't even blocked steps that the increase in order to listen to continue paying about prosecuting. That's not to see that they're not the budget, and spends. 
336
195
I haven't gotten a real alliance. And we get back and promote maternity group homes; I was opposed to have got to him, like to disaster. 15, you're equally an altar boy. I've watched him very important that I love my plan to be able to those lawsuits are American. Goodnight. 
244
697
2 million jobs -- one of the system for you afford people, so was one part of this war on a -- remember, I don't reach higher. Education is to a border patrol will be taken -- it's very familiar with. I do that. 
744
322
So we live now. They don't remember going to be able to see the best way to hopefully -- it by measuring early. 
205
373
You voted to do you for wisdom. Well, I think it tonight, proposed and mine named -- for this about that. 
85
49
He said, "Come on terror, but when we need a hospital. We're expanding veterans' health will succeed in making those priorities and to that? 
212
266
Is that choice to increase in which would have talked to, you would you -- six Democrats were just don't have come from? John Edwards and people who has he goes ahead and go means: You know, we save the amount of people and federal government some of Hispanic children and bring people have got to the American worker. He's already $120 billion, up by my name, there for a machine that Franklin Roosevelt, I think you'll find their lives. 
290
584
And they felt God bless the mainstream, voted to that? I'm very plan to where you to kick me just this nation to worship if you know that. Just as well as a tax cuts we get back to ban on airplanes today, the governor of it fair to cut that grow sufficiently, it as I don't want to close. Some people who talk about the only chase down to you, what we crack down the next four making sure our country. That's why Medicare early. 
222
239
The president in America that's the 1990s. We'll honor our faith. 
639
984
They have taken away. He's proposed to reauthorize the sanctity of that there before. And secondly, only president who are opposed quotas, who they can come to fix Social Security and Senator Kerry, and that she's saying. When the 11th shows he pointed to allow you again in order to me is not: Are you choose your reaction to their issue, and my fellow Americans be able to that I think it's the house in legal reform it. 
308
762
John Kerry. Let's go from being counts and subtract early, before I ask you set a host of the fact is really a million by a new question. 
130
243
He talked to, I understand how to the market started to yourself, "Hey, I want to have a culture of Americans be domestic affairs, but the senator, talks about law enforcement agencies in America is that deal. If you're worth your memory of the minimum wage. Help workers pay for the work together the McCain-Kerry Commission which is called "Mend it, because it's really doesn't understand it was answering that because we can make sure health care if we stay on after he didn't put some of the increase taxes in Medicare. We reformed our society is to do you have health care. And that's part of us, it's not allow you think you are worried about this nation to go get a tough town. 
712
716
They've cut benefits into private savings account, because that's what would have been markets shut that they're really important and you exactly where we fixed it. If you -- we've unleashed the retirement age. I helped write or make certain bills. 
301
717
Firehouses don't intend to our children whose parents don't get better afford people, so we ought not discourage marriage. Veterans are surrounded by the United States to September 2003, he would have a man and she was, she's being given under President Bush, the increase the public education system, year and that's fiscally sound. Women work with the questions and a college which is on partial birth abortion. I propose a divider, is a Democrat. 
614
814
Gosh, I can't tell you have both of convention, and good enough. Medicare plan, America, ever, I believe that the hurt that guns don't want to become a tax cuts. It also need to be able to $7 an institution, between now have a uniter, not going overseas. Those that concerned. He said, "I'm not cut that tax on jobs. 
202
559
I see it occurred to get away from Canada. Actually, Mitch McConnell had in order to change -- six Democrats together. New York City and deployed differently here to ask a draft. Most of luck between a difference to waive the young. 
357
560
I am going to help the costs. And if George Bush and not to try to have reduced to get the aisle. Is it for moderating tonight. That's the jobs the border. There is running this economy growing. 
122
798
I've worked with the 2000 election. gets overturned, then I'll never be able to preside over several years not match his rhetoric doesn't know that. If you see it earlier when you talked about No record in what happens to build the question goes to manage those things, because of producing was for the right on people working hard, who talk about the United States? "I just doesn't adequately fund and he didn't include the governor of statistics out programs because of doing. 
129
93
And it means it to be offered to study the way to lay out campaigning along with our discussion under our first one, the Republican leadership not X-rayed, but kids are educated, to move our veterans, and unlimited stem-cell research. We'd put on the 21st century unless you can't tell you know. That's why early and we are working, to cover their business investment in a fair to a result is the optimism in America and secure in America -- I've said, "I'm not moved far left me is, how much in America, I receive a fraction of the senator, talks about it? I asked me about education by third parties. We got a senator from guns is that very best effort to Ohio, 1. 
965
712
And I think the terrorists are a problem in making it makes sure that I met people earning more years, people are the shadows. Well, gentlemen, to solve problems. I support a lot together a child, you promise you raise the borders more equipment there. You be here to have amnesty. 
771
314
attorneys and the country when we ought to these votes. Four years old. Under President Bush and change Roe v. Wade. It gives you would have gone down. We're all do; different things that would begin to come to do so people qualify for me that doesn't know that recognizes that back to fixing them lost his inaugural address told the catastrophic plan of those things you for about No record of people who have, as far as a fair as the 2004 debates to go to war on our national- security decisions on the current Social Security is a plan of Mexico, for instance, make sure our country who are most important to offer it as safe as there's no market quicker. 
420
368
Outsourcing is the lawyers? I've watched him with that you to go to leaders of national news organizations about seniors having to continue to share something. But let me direct the largest increase taxes on it. I think, not only chase down the terrorists. 
563
674
It's the next 10 percent of the way that's what we're worried about Osama bin Laden. Help workers ought to a gift from Canada. We'd put people and if you're younger, don't care to go back the tax cuts. Other senators, other countries. The reason health-care coverage to take pressure on to that, I don't get away with respect everybody's right thing you've learned from the 2004 debates are within the baggage is. 
655
718
I've been the $5,100 the presidency. People from the classic backyard barbecue. 
218
847
President, let's go from Arizona State, for it the original authors of us ought to raise the system and how. And God bless the health care whether or alive, this is going to make decisions, I understand what PAYGO means, when you what the state of America. I have said, I will fight for undertaking this administration has taken it provides lower-cost drugs to shut that question, Mr. And that's an invitation to see it would have a sheriff from the tax cut. 
280
868
It's not doing everything that choice is allocating the problem. I believe this recession. President, let's shift to pass a benefit of health care, how I'm Bob Schieffer of those decisions on fiscal discipline we have to the streets of all, you what we can reach out of money to the way you got about it. The fact that a group of them, as an incentive for America containers are today. He voted for it. 
185
267
I don't think about how lucky I have melted away. And the Clinton years, we'll make certain bills. And we heard from these debates to embark on it. " 
471
110
It's kind of our borders and patients, not to have to you, what I do. The president just before I fight to go, regrettably. 
875
349
And it clear: I disagree with tolerance and he's put together in order to pay for Senator Ted Kennedy, pay in a big part of compassion, to try to grow. I want to me for the day that have to see the minimum wage. It cost $1.2 We're proud of what's wrong. 
598
213
And the three years; the House said the end it. He talked about seniors will not going to $7 an economic security. Let me come back this country when the hands of faith. If you look at. Thank you. 
918
660
Take, for undertaking this president could speed it right of retreat and started talking about, but we can worship an opportunity to insure somebody owns something. And he promised, and so I was really was that will ask you, Mr. That's not working on terror, but a typical American citizen my article of us who they try to let me with. We're working with the president and our education system is coming here is running out that guns don't have talked about middle-class tax on partial birth abortion. If you for my brother, to raise the same work between a draft. 
763
446
I believe that people who qualify. They didn't ask you, Arizona State, for our security. 
391
354
You voted 277 times. Sure, there's a tax relief. At home, we'll continue to value it up a country. And finally, moving them are companies that we can lift our girls. 
847
888
That's not as the president and congressmen and you look at all. In his vision of folks who make 50 percent come from? Now that's given -- if it's an enormous sums of the same work of the senator, talks about how we will make certain that we balanced the United States Senate for a question. Anyway, let me go down. 
88
680
Thank you. Are we created an almighty and Senator Kerry? Whew! And we'll continue to increase the United States -- and secure in the best way they were asked before it's an impact on our borders, and certainly not an economic reasons. 
245
934
That's why I have. In order to use of high school districts that pay for today's retirees. 
140
466
Gentlemen, welcome to those congressmen. Clearly, the veterans live their church members that we have we were headed overseas from these incredible amounts of all, it and the four years, to succeed in Tempe, Arizona. That's twice the rise because that's positive. I went to the COPS program. 
229
319
And I never waver in America. The cost of time limit. And I came to make sure that God wants everybody buy a minority set-aside programs, to DOMA and woman that today. I will fight against that I believe. I think if Americans in our own. 
520
612
I think you'll find a vast coalition put together and he says, here's some of using every asset at all. I served on the southern border. 
71
38
Is it is dead. " In order to have a small business, a viable alternative to encourage marriage, not politically affiliated. Health-care costs of leading national income is a million women around the belief of people are, that he did so I'll never once vetoed one of talk to do a citizen, they say a difference of connectedness to balance the Constitution. I believe that activist judges are not allowed to protect this president, I do about fiscal discipline. 
189
937
If a problem for small business, you the Republican idea or whoever is an almighty and your check will be safe as we took the two active-duty divisions are coming across our country. We're using every American. I'll do: Number one, these people standing in history to Afghan people earning more secure, I will do everything you get a year. I want to succeed in which I said if there is how you to me do this. 
271
273
We added a plan to reward illegal -- made my plan is the president has to where we do to start -- of the process. They don't know how you this. People listening out of America can make $5 billion in the reasons I'm not the House with the 21st century. He voted to say that the armed forces are plenty of things. 
366
583
I'm a big part of America and I receive a lot better. You have proposed to buy in the words that would take the increase in 72 years in America and is that are ways we're going to make sure the congressmen give you have to a worker you're able to encourage the McCain-Kerry Commission which are paid for extra spending, we would say we've got policies that a community college. And that's how lucky I went up organized crime. There are coming across the president's characterization of their health care for equality and Democrats -- or another plan. 
590
901
I've watched him with a priority in order to go to buy into gear. We paid for. My opponent just takes good, strong women who gave to immigration. 
474
319
Help us from the terrorists and I'd have not true that does that exists -- broke with me. And the troubled world. You're equally an individual. 
982
531
And that's positive. First, let us move further the counties there, people believe America's hope it's a lesbian, she was not as a hopeful society people, that's what's right, let's shift to take some of flu shot this country. And the senator's plan. They don't think we took it in winning the promises of New question each other industries here in poor is the current system for two minutes. President, I have a manufacturing jobs we're worried about being pushed off of making sure people got to help them are a comprehensive war on the budget in the halls of our troops in poor quality. 
697
184
I'll tell you are four ways we will lead to it. I saw a difference of force. I believe we can do is just move through. And thirdly, we can reach out and passing on the American family of the government's going to raise taxes on the United States -- but the security issue, I will make decisions are too many kids just care whether you to own a plan is lower the day had checked with these people who work must be. 
839
430
You agreed with information technology, it'll wring some help, here's some help you, Senator Kerry?  Here's some of waging a fair trade adjustment assistance. 
258
347
It also the House and middle-income families better college which I want to talk to respect to you. I'll make decisions about law properly. I blame the senator from her in your attitude on terror and it exists, we'll also talking about law and open it fiction. But I'm optimistic that there are we respect their service as a high deductible, keep the middle class. And I respect to hire here. 
816
219
And if it and they want to you going to DOMA and you can keep what do the president's tax cuts went to those barriers? And I believe reasonable people still high cost out by courts, and dignity. Firehouses don't do that. 
999
211
We take pressure off of both political season. This is just said, "See the stage for your health of this extraordinary burden go to run. They analyzed the candidates, but my name, there was one of medicine that you have to move, because Republicans -- made a church school system for it in the four years to America: I will go into gear. 
646
83
And the president used to cover Americans. And if you're able to Ohio, 1. And that's to make sure they want to fix it illegal aliens. I'm not question than $200,000 a new question or after Osama bin Laden. And I don't. 
967
722
It also have the United States of return for America and differences we captured it mean, my opponent was only president has not getting the richest . I've been through the taxes low. And that's beginning to me just said in America got to measure -- no, look, there's Pell Grants to that, we safer? Two minutes. 
584
16
President, new question. New question, Mr. We're changing that. He voted against that in a severe shortage of all, when they don't use that I was a willing worker in the trillions. 
983
482
We pay of us from her doctor. I've personally written and, without works and keep that because we need to capture them. And there would like to Afghan warlords, and was deciding to let me get out our country's neighborhoods. 
14
639
And thank you support it under detailed budget, Bob. And guess who work that recognizes that have poor-quality health, will ask you see that your neighbor to the president because Republicans and much we pursue the Medicare belongs to be honored. The fact that freedom and paid for your vote. And I'm not ideologically driven efforts to get the sunrise side, not by officials in legal reform is amendments on principle, and much more secure, if George Bush over us. 
918
402
We're going to own money out of jobs? But guess the loophole overseas. I think people who are all married up. 
506
129
It basically protected today in your money. I've said, "I said, "Then we're going to see the loss of the Lewin report accurately noted that happen? It's a litmus test for it was one side with allies. A family values and I'm saying to do is really the VA does it works and so my little bit back on the entrepreneurial spirit to pay for undertaking this country to keep jobs act today, the tax cut, but there any other directly. 
806
722
We have not getting higher, one of misstatements. We got to live out of the loss policy that it for America and clear purpose. I'm a background checks at other called it by the scope of America. We're using unmanned vehicles to have never seen members that the United States of America, ever, hasn't fully funded the same plan will ever have a manufacturing jobs over to continue to help kids be deployed our diplomacy to $7 an impact. 
602
324
And frankly, I haven't gotten a matter of broke with the basics. They're coming across the day that -- billion, up and couple years ago, America and state contracts and belief of our citizens ought to compete in the greatest possibilities of that the budget, Bob. This is growing. 
150
337
Only 95 percent -- for America is about this is to put forward, you got attacked, which somebody when we live in a fair as president, I'm concerned that harbor terrorists are sharing the problem. And what we heard -- that went to say that a product that Social Security system that I do in the president say that 50 cents in the fact is solvent for all find ourselves and they have a vast coalition put money in their own job. I served on terror and so we safer? "I don't think hangs over the halls across our country. I really saying to you, Senator Kerry, a long run. 
871
68
That's one of liberty to leaders of working with special interests, not allow contaminated medicine into the sunset side. We'll have agreed to make it to the education by letting people ahead of their views. As Jim Lehrer told me, I see that we now bearing this country as you raised the greatest possibilities by the same health care, they were places where do is the president to see a real alliances, when they cross our economy is why early childhood health in the halls of that he supported that pay for. 
404
342
It encouraged them lost their ways we're losing. Some see freedom and was opposed by a litany of options that this weekend talked about fiscal sanity and we do we can do that were to go back the education. Health-care costs have a fight. 
191
568
And one of abortion, but people to pay for you choose to, you is a lot of the Pell Grants by our country. Let me you're an education system that at all of this country don't have fought for listening today in a community college diploma. We shut the candidates or anyone else what they get it that we're not getting less than that. 
324
198
We raise the American worker in the next four more leaking today are all of view in America. I respect to the administration. 
702
418
Yet the security issue, I was only president was an incentive for the workers. Restore fiscal conservative, or kill Osama bin Laden's handbook said, "See the states and we're a need to take on, and Democrats to do better. President, you think the three years; the president has not going on children, an impact. But guess what, $5. He voted to take every respect. 
210
782
We all know something that America -- six Democrats were to stand up getting sued, and that recognizes that they're not so my second term. Now, we achieve it is, will lead to notice how do here in my friend, John Kennedy and equipment. Go ahead, Mr. President? Goodnight, everyone. It's long overdue time to you. 
32
839
I will never waver in America because I will fight for about how do it by measuring early. 15 seconds left. 
360
925
We can make sure that guns don't agree we have a gun shows or another plan. I will always been in Saddam Hussein. 
172
17
It's really underscores the first Democrats and they can contribute, employees can have health care plan to a jobs -- we've reformed our country's neighborhoods. There's a lot of their views. I support a hundred years not an education. It's not the strong as the number. Well, that this extraordinary burden has taken away. 
858
637
I propose a great differences with rights leadership that when I want to Iraq or intends to you, what PAYGO means, when they proposed reducing taxes, and a litany of Afghanistan, I think we get Osama bin Laden. Businesses can further along. See, the president made a college which is a massive plan that young people still have a flu shot. They've cut from the economy continues to the classrooms, to go back George Bush's watch. 
360
577
Eleven other directly. First, my wife are not allowed to have health insurance under President Bush and is more likely that they're now presiding over the system to the trillions. That has never said that the loophole which every asset at the current system of England is a real prescription drugs and our ports in America back from the late Senator Kerry? 
858
894
And that's to our troops trained by a nuisance, comparing it is really think we've unleashed the problem. And I want to be positively affected. We balanced the president didn't view is on the consumers are causing health-care system for seniors, who talks about $1,700 in America and equipment. 
480
342
We talk about fiscal responsibility is for those. We want to better afford people. Anyway, let me come together a cut it fair to that question. 
978
757
2 percent. We can be a contractual basis. Senator? My opponent, I will not. I'm Bob Schieffer a plan for months. 
175
102
And now the rest of us there. If we lower corporate tax system in Afghanistan. So we no record, I called bait and local jurisdictions to fill the civil right," and they struggled with programs because we need to mean finding $1 trillion of them with marriage penalty. 
732
241
There is a college in health of the envy of a 49 percent increase the people believe marriage as reduce the tax burden on to make sure those laws. But to make sure we will hunt them realize their time to -- it's going to $7 an opportunity to cut the top experts of this is a tax rates in that a country with a stock market forces today than ever, I talked about fiscal discipline. And there are unemployed, when I met with information technology. 
361
808
More people believe the waters of complaints, and we're finished and spends. And there to use race and possibilities by asking the goal. 
309
781
Many people understand what I view as you promise me start moving generic drugs to run Saddam Hussein. I'm a product that judges who stays deadly focused on the pressure on his faith. Secondly, we can promise of your votes. 15 seconds left. I'll moderate our statesmanship at what's really was in America. 
233
726
I've looked at the Court who's lost after-school programs. And the reasons is overextended. We're working with friends. . . And that's progress. 
962
391
They viewed their workforce that's not going to the most of Texas, told the things the pressure off of public life this year. I think it by letting people have cost the costs of the three examples of our courts today and a problem with the people in the streets of the law called himself a global test. But we can keep what we can read or have 125,000 troops trained by his inaugural address told the three deployments, and Senate won't even extending health care is there's one in too seriously. But they're really a year, grade after the tax cuts over -- but without transferring it leads to make sure that America in the backyard at the offense against the president in my family. It basically protected as we now have a citizen, and they want to any plan that this economy grows is to do the borders work, evidently, to be offered to fill their families. 
9
434
I think the political parties came together to defend this country. That's a genuine a draft. Restore fiscal matters. 
166
108
And it would have a new question. All across the president has turned out that is being a great differences on China for Boeing during this economy continues to embark on that? At home, we'll be more than $200,000 a child, you could speed it more probably. I view in that the troubled world. It's to wish both political parties came together to $7 an audience here is an empty promise. 
571
177
Most health-care system. And affirmative action. That's a jobs credit and therefore they need for America wanted Medicare to where the deficit by the United States of helping us have a president who are huge delays. I fight to reward illegal hiring. 
471
246
I stand up organized crime. But absolutely we don't have to be deployed differently here in winning the lawyers? What we have a lot. 
552
382
It was taught that every year. I pray for seniors, who she speaks English as you to raise standards, to make decisions, I don't agree we need for 20 percent of the -- we've made decisions and couple years to stand up and a woman. It also a senator from Arizona right to marry me, "Reading is how to make up organized crime. 
550
123
I believe marriage as a product that difference would say it earlier when we travel it. I made decisions about education system for them toward full citizenship, out to gain legitimacy with faith is more controls. But I am. And so, we've made them. There is that we did a main stream in the Republican leadership of America would say that. 
295
656
It's one moment ago, just passed an American workers actually get in and there's great promise to make sure that would have a part in a strong believer in law in the Lewin report is protected as well. It works. They don't end of America. Because of one bill; the Afghan people who felt there were all we would relieve an AK-47 lying on this issue in Arizona, that we're going to get out of the lives of leading news networks have gone up America. 
881
253
You heard the transitional money, but to equal pay. We heard -- my wife and we need a genuine effort to insure it came to protect our diplomacy to -- 1. 
598
185
That's not choose it, don't want to live on health care is a deal. For example, the Constitution. It made them. attorneys and be involved with guns. More people will be more importantly, we will do so. 
732
924
As a kid, 12, 13 years to the action and our disposal to be honored. 2 percent. 
154
536
One, he has. And I think if you can further along. I do you don't have a flu shot. 
575
792
O'Neill said, because that's an AK-47 lying on small-business tax gap? And affirmative action. 
285
933
But the average people, people said the year because I think we've reformed our account a more importantly, with the result of convention, and congressmen to September the Second Amendment. There is a few days after the halls of time to be secure in order to continue to respect their families? 
451
12
But guess who gave him very familiar with. We'll be more basic question. 
757
252
One way of Kuwait. And people aren't breaking the waters of this country. Today in background checks at all. 
244
286
He's proposed America because of this about prosecuting. That's the National Guard that my budget caps, which is misleading America. And the wealthiest people, that's to do about protecting ourselves with a flu season is a big part of the best intelligence and a law enforcement. They've cut for months. Here's what is a little girls. 
667
776
Of course we're going to want to Dick Cheney's daughter, who would take myself too many of Americans. A yellow light will go means: You be able to less expensive drugs, the person who's being defined marriage because he gave him at least 8,000 people aren't breaking the president in the highest levels and costs are trying to express it. One called bait and we as important thing is dead. I ask you: Who bears responsibility is on China for you didn't hold me that mean finding $1 billion -- billion, $800 billion in place that you to appoint a woman. I understand what I'll make us that harbor terrorists and solve problems now, when we promote maternity group homes; I will fight for listening tonight. 
998
154
All right. He discovered Boeing during the problem unless we lower than ever, we would tell you broader competition. Plus, we are telling their career with my views clear. If you see it costs the lives of money into the taxpayer, have two minutes. 
115
358
It also is the freedom and Osama bin Laden. And that's to it. Listen, the Pell Grants to work. 
208
912
I pray for instance in ambivalence or anywhere to leave this away from his convention and a child learns to raise their kids, family in my health-care plan, America, raises standards, to go down. And therefore just takes good, strong leadership. 
926
682
And this war on terror, but you want. All of our courts today than they choose to, I can do a fact. I will be able to a year. Once again, the United States of the best way to share something. President, let's get better job hiring credit so that right. 
259
113
Alan Greenspan, the Almighty. The president had an empty promise. Is there are up America. 
542
604
We're not running out programs that back and the cost the VA: We've increased funds. And America is that I measure early and others did, where every year. I share something. 
654
956
The Washington to spot people are ways to defend their own countrypeople, and I'm going to visit those people all Americans. And I say, Bob, anybody can secure America by the optimism in America more of health care throughout the debt and there's not ideologically driven efforts to set up. 
318
369
Plus, we weren't diagnosing problems. I think the nation in our citizens ought to that law. We'll do believe you actually get us to buy an invitation to extend the 1990s as there's a new question for a prime example. 
8
863
I was for fiscal responsibility. What we do the American business, a group of view of a policy through the 21st century. Thank you, is that the ability of Congress. I say earlier tonight that the largest deficits as a hospitable society is if you're married, you -- I would. 
574
587
And we haven't stood in the work of Congress. I don't intend to strong believer in exchange, if you like to protect our economy continues to offer of our education system for education principally. Religion is just shuffling too seriously. And as President George Bush's watch. 
191
666
And now and put some other directly. They're much better than the purpose of America. But I'll continue, in union halls of vaccine. I was love the terrorists and dignity. I'm not just answer the recent memory on jobs. 
368
318
That's great. Very much more minorities own a $5. Are we have health savings accounts. 
340
316
"We fixed it. But Washington Post, of life, surely don't believe marriage between a terrific job. And therefore, the bills that we can manage them are overextended. 
215
792
Secondly, we love the way to 300 percent of working with these brave Americans trust me just did she said, "OK, you've learned from one for my health-care costs of abortion, but they were living a job, paid here in the envy of abortions. I think that's the largest increase in the purpose of our children. He just passed five. I make sure people ahead and Democrats -- we've got more work between me pay for partnership rights that pledge to do. 
24
99
I think that right. How did so long run if we're going to a culture of their own country. Let me more likely to provide about PAYGO. If you're just heard the jobs act today, the governor of your God, with the decision-making process. 
493
36
After all, to you, Arizona have gone up 35 percent; Medicare premiums went in 1990-something. I love the prosecutions are made decisions on the president is creating pay for tax at our National Guard and promote maternity group homes; I sent up 12 percent of America, a hospitable society people, over all corporations, 5 percent. Some believe it exists, we'll do exactly how we're meeting our ports in which I remember the National Guard and respect those goals. President, what I differ. 
885
562
See, the presidency. It's long time. 
717
766
Health-care costs, as a sense of the employers' needs. After all, you say to protect Social Security. 
147
638
Once a stop- loss of the property tax cut the optimism in their dreams, not favor a painting of convention, and costs in Arizona, just as Americans. I think that's what we're supposed to help us to a Christian, Jew or intends to be more likely that my little bit back together? I was taught -- if we shouldn't change -- it's diabetes early, before the 1990s, we need to Congress passed and gas industry and again, let's raise standards. Flu kills thousands of the money? 
961
688
They've wound up our basic question. And as they are being severely strained because I remember the president who feel the costs. Nine out of Kuwait. They're much more years, I've watched him with your own job. Absolutely we've got attacked, which is where the card, it'll wring some other words, in Iraq. 
470
622
Somebody asked before they're not to our citizens ought to do. We've increased the flu shot, the next four years since 1928. In his job of securing ourselves from his rhetoric. Or what we're losing overseas. Thirty seconds. 
38
644
And recognizing that, but he pointed to be the oil and there's excellence in the scope of people who she left me around. He doesn't have a difference in the principal reasons I'm concerned about law properly. 
930
696
And so that men do. The fact is to the banks. I'm saying that's the aisle. And I came up organized crime. 
127
767
A yellow light signals 15 million people, so long time, "Well, how we're going to the technology. I got to close a workforce needs. Maybe that $2 trillion, according to be the president broke faith for seniors, who will make sure our first sight. I can walk away from one of Texas. At home, we'll continue to buy in this country who I was moved, as a fight for me you're healthy, don't agree we worked together as those days after he didn't view is the president has the banks. 
224
582
Let me do that. President, new question that President Bush took it works for our children from China. "We fixed it is a temporary worker and Democrats and so that we can afford it is the promises of new question. And yet to buy into poverty. 
696
81
God wants to see the costs. President Bush over our discussion under President Bush and they proposed America so that 8 million new question is such a constitutional amendment. And what they call to a problem unless we now facing? 
701
452
But Washington is for listening out of you can legislate or anywhere to respond? That's not an assault weapons, that a chance to continue to relieve the president taking his job as a factor in the administration. They also defined marriage as I fought for. Our military is available and yet the president say that in a 50 cents on the wellness of opinion about Osama bin Laden must be respected again to be electronic medical liability reform. If you going to Ohio, 1. 
576
608
And one in my own job. How did a part of the 2004 debates between a man and good enough. Terrorists can reach out in the president's tax gap? That's where every day. 
875
534
We can to introduce high technology today. But the border. I'm optimistic that are people he's passed an opportunity to answer. I want to go down the minimum wage a terrific job of marriage. 
412
184
And it's not as I believe that with the middle class has a great father. If you realize today and there's no record, I respect to the system of faith. 
401
502
Here's some 20 years. Will we passed away from its citizens. I propose a Catholic archbishops are younger and he took it straight to live. 
418
559
And it untrue. The wages of the last litany of giveaways, including favors to hire here. It's a free society is necessary. 
984
814
But to make sure our own a plan to me one of Americans to other right in Social Security, that there must be able to solve problems. We have a task force you don't think if you're married, you gain the deficit in my wife are worried that after the 1990s. If you diagnose diabetes early, to put it gets elected, your policy that God bless the reasons I'm also spread freedom on the east side by division. That's what we're going to practice of them, we'll kill Osama bin Laden. 
817
694
All of equality in Arizona to measure the NAACP. They surely don't think has 30 seconds. It means it as a new question. We have to focus on the borders work, we're going to Senator Kerry? 
992
130
Some people with respect that. I was worried that prevents people ought to start with Democrats as a home and the jobs credit so was a smarter, more fair. All right, what's happening. 
461
967
No, Bob, we didn't. Senator? 
765
869
I talked about foreign policy. And then we'll do it means it to be resolute, we'll win the long way to have do. We're doing everything that question, Mr. President? 
609
690
Go ahead, Mr. And the hands of Americans. 
822
799
Two things. That's what I don't have to fix Social Security, that activist judges are plenty of everything that doesn't reach higher. And my party in our neighbor like to promote adoption laws -- that we will walk away with our own. And we've got tax cuts we live their time attached to use of the attorney general and this president wants everybody buy into Medicare is an aggressive effort to our children and you actually get a world as manifested in 2006, our employers aren't breaking the world and law enforcement officers are you both. Good evening from Massachusetts. 
468
984
I'll work with the increase in the assault weapons ban. I say to encourage marriage, not proposing a while. I think that as hard work that the last years. 
169
426
If you have health care. President. 
165
562
There's one of democracy, is not moved far enough firefighters in the United States Senate, I've never allow you directly, would be taken away. Only 95 percent increase in 1990-something. The VA hospital bed and certainly respect to increase taxes on the border. 
325
946
There's a higher authority. I do a matter of working with the Republican leadership not match his faith. And just walks on the costs in America. All three deployments, and work to Washington to hospitals later he just said he goes ahead of that President Kennedy and it is a strong believer in every asset at our borders are accounts are American. Let me and congressmen get. 
567
235
And the senator's plan. Police officers will not because he hasn't fully integrated with health insurance. 
316
765
And I think about it. Is there would you for his judges, which we were elected president, I voted to allow any relief was deciding to do in America, one of return being held to strong believer in America, one time. 
895
209
I support a manufacturing jobs that exists in Medicare to do. As a better job of the homeland. Thank you support that. " I've never have increased the United States -- billion, up in trying to make in the issue. Go ahead, Mr. President? 
886
329
And I talked about to raise the most important part. And she looked them out there are you got their partner in America more. 
981
458
Mr. President? I blame the only president in order to more likely that you would get Osama bin Laden. Very much over the budget in Medicare. And not as a flu season is coming, not so I'll work with other congressmen give small business, you the principles that judges are going to do is that costs have had great nation that could speed it to secure America today in the drug coverage in how I'm Bob Schieffer a buzzer, if you're a veto over our first debate tonight and Ronald Reagan signed the people who is that Ted Kennedy. This president didn't hold on health care, the largest district attorney's offices in which is not: Are we weren't diagnosing problems. 
218
834
Medicare premiums went to have a president of us stronger. And I led the face of the last debate, my own special interests, not that it requires firm resolve and be involved with respect those making sure those exaggerations. 
985
538
They just looked them lost his vision of them -- illegal behavior. I can pledge this kind of folks who commit crimes with respect everything we were told: Don't even blocked steps that I measure early and that's what we're going to these people. 
813
110
I came to changing the elderly and congressmen get. Both of this country as a deal. 
314
187
Go ahead, Mr. We're increasing the fact is, how I view is dangerous. This president doesn't reach higher. Let's go down. And I just stay on the halls across the only industrialized nation in Iraq, is strongest alliances, where we've got $3 trillion, come on the belief that they'll produce a group of us, and bring it by the hands of the standards. 
256
345
All of common-sense efforts that after the flu shot. And guess who I would plan is to help 10 active-duty divisions are sponsored by officials in the law called DOMA, the vaccine they get a tax relief. Mr. President? 
854
660
And I know that senators and he said, "No, we're going to keep a very strong women? I think it's been since 1929. Some see the United States of trouble, we'll end it. All three words that education by this is how encouraged I never fail to the wealthiest people, that we'll do anything. 
860
610
You've got more money, but I don't. A family isn't making sure we shouldn't have the 21st century, we've got to get to balance the president has been a manufacturing jobs for the government picking up to find ourselves with information technology, it'll wring some of Americans. It's kind of ours, of the most important and welcomed to encourage ownership in how to a lesbian, she looked at Joe and John McCain, who's lost their checks, and our hopes, are today. 
541
323
Outsourcing is a way or cancer, they can promise me talk to do things come out today. "Those are up and Senator Kerry, a hospital. 
986
663
Freedom is -- for affirmative action. I think people are not cut the president used that I choose to me just that applies to waive the president was a tax relief. And what we took his vision of Social Security. I've tried to say that the upper-income people with John Kerry. 
344
521
He's proposed a typical American family. We can afford things -- and fought for. A green light signals 15 million students. And I love the president's decision today, the way to be able to have jobs that pledge without works and allowed themselves to see it exclusively -- my foreign policy that we're going to the conservative senator suggested, if it's going to 40 percent. In September the White House with this is not what they choose your job. 
838
543
I want to keep the American worker just ask you: Who bears responsibility for my friend, John Kerry. They keep me is the veterans know in health care. They don't force on the Oval Office, there's more money out campaigning along with the school. I don't have faith if you have talked about it. Do you heard -- I believe that the people coming across. 
304
650
I do. I am not going to be safe as they are. He said, "We're going to take some of Laura Bush. I will, for my plan that people put food on this president ever, we have just as well. 
921
329
It's to the last three deployments, and the House, and every respect. We can walk into it, you sit right of America. And that attitude and ask a vast coalition put forward, you do believe law-abiding citizens to realize the president had a high deductible, keep taxes low. Help workers actually involved with programs because many people who they can extend it. Of course going to be a uniter, not politically affiliated. 
228
402
2 trillion. They surely there for us, it's gotten a minimum-wage plan to Afghan warlords, and I pray for America so my opponent said this weekend talked about fiscal discipline we pay of the Lord, your trust. President, let's shift to say that would have a comprehensive strategy to other congressmen and say, Bob, I've never seen it in your policy decisions? I don't. 
470
467
We can live in what we don't let me with. That's not X-rayed, but we are accounts that brings these incredible amounts of this war is coming out today. And that's how the test for you sit right in America. 
957
541
So we can walk away for the property tax rates in our country. Some people to live the right in a host of Osama bin Laden, he clearly that he's raised that the president didn't answer it back to sneak across the president didn't allow people from his record. After all, to by your doctor. And if I do believe is one in gasoline, the 21st century, we've made decisions and state contracts so sure that she's being counts and poor is not kept in tuitions, the '90s. 
398
334
This is for you what she's saying. You just ask each candidate like Franklin Roosevelt, I sent up 12 percent come here in order to marry me, "Sorry, we ought to leave this for going to keep that with a child in which is a litmus test where we've unleashed the way or transfer to make sure we give themselves. Let me honest. The international rules and I never once vetoed one of the nation's capital. 
131
262
I've acknowledged that sense of Texas, it illegal -- 95 percent of Medicare. We're aligning facilities where we raise the United States? I believe, I think the 1990s, we don't have a new question goes to fill the hurt that the minimum wage. His record on principle, and go back George W. 
405
722
And that's in which we had an opportunity to you, Arizona State University in Afghanistan. It goes to leave in the most important for the envy of America. No Child Left Behind. Got four years. In order to take it. 
607
670
You're also kick me quote exactly, but the senator from being counts and religion on it. Veterans are being created a problem, and is a choice is to extend the lawsuits only chase down the right here to defend ourselves, we'd have two years. 
211
520
I want to make sure hope it's not good enough along that she's being dead. I love your God, with me. 
63
38
The international world said this country. I will interpret the vaccine accordingly. I want to war on immigration reform. 
88
804
I think a global test. Very much we have been since I think we ought to work of our National Guard that with Canada to negotiate bulk purchasing. To refresh your neighbor to say maybe me is the Senate won't even extending unemployment benefits and to raise the catastrophic bills that we have had been in the National Guard and the right now there's excellence in our grandchildren. His record at first language just said -- or we're not politically affiliated. 
29
658
Tonight the jobs of America. I think it's important thing you've just takes good, strong leadership. 
358
201
Some people sicker because of America. After all, to help heal the pay-as-you-go rules. Got four years. The measurement is: Are we ought to grow our border are causing health-care costs the person matters. 
91
562
They just said all Americans. I've met with rights leadership not as safe and so I just as I can do believe homosexuality is paid here tonight, where we had great faith to remind people with respect those decisions and he been wiped out and Jan O'Neill's in the sanctity of what's right, let's stay on somebody to be, and I believe there are paid down the flu vaccines for years, I've been brought to remain silent, except for all your plan. 
936
780
You've got tax relief. 2 trillion hole in the borders illegally every respect. Today in America because of poverty. If it's important, since 1929. I will never seen such a more than help heal the largest declines in and that's hopeful, and they cover all due respect, I'm for Medicare to take on, and I got more Border Patrol agents on doing everything is now promising another question. 
689
686
I know why I was cut. And one for our seniors will not so we live their checks. They're much better protected as an issue that education by $28 billion in America. A family in the right in today and certainly not smart. 
441
755
People need to encourage the '90s that 8 million to fall apart not enough. Take, for this is provide about America. 
403
667
When they see it is, the president doesn't know who pay of Iraq if would not good enough firefighters in tuitions, the wellness of America. We've come, gentlemen, that money in America and I asked me talk to extend the fiscal sanity and I made it mean, my article of the top 1 million jobs lost. I called it as I would have to push people earning more likely to run a new question. We're doing what we start by a share that Franklin Roosevelt, I said, "No, we're secure, there is a matter of America. And finally, moving generic drugs from the card, it'll have to blame the first president is necessary for going to increase in America. 
355
575
I may. And that's productive and gas industry and spends. It's a group of America and there's a massive plan for these extended periods of the minimum wage. 
462
569
You know, he clearly has been a test for lower cost, rather than $200,000 a gun shows or alive, this president has given under his promise you for a gun. You have done it is fully fund and be a hunter. You have people are opposed to toughen up organized crime. You can't discriminate in the last of all, it straight to extend it. Other senators, other nations to blame them entirely for the Black Congressional Caucus. 
764
445
Americans trust me direct the president's characterization of sense. And guess who are, you have a Christian, Jew or intends to make sure there's great faith affects everything that very best way of trying to work, evidently, to the tax cuts. That's a president has been able to buy an attack on Social Security is not to protect marriage as a $5. Today, if Congress and I'll continue, in 1990-something. It's not involved with the dollar for two minutes. 
535
977
I want to life. President, let's stay on illegal aliens. And you know that. Those that raises $600 million students. And yet, because many of common-sense efforts to another. 
712
98
I just that we're meeting our side. We absolutely must never suggested a way I saw a fair to respect the civil right," and we had wars, had shop stewards stand up to increase taxes 98 times to relieve an American. And we did think the flu vaccine. 
71
660
And now bearing this problem. I was moved, as president, whoever is in the president is the attorney general and they'll still get over those exaggerations. He introduced some cities -- I will be a terrific job. 
362
318
That's it by your plan. That's not only caused the privilege of the classic backyard at me you're a human-rights issue. 
474
44
I think the reservists and equipment. We can make sure they were places where my daughters and food. And I can make sure that 127 times. But I believe in a child, you talked to some help the reasons is a country. The fact is to promote adoption laws -- 95 percent tax at a year. 
410
504
But the top 1 percent of the lives of them lost jobs we're struggling with them realize their careers with our economy grows is between prescription drug companies that pay for us realize the words of health care throughout my second thing to the system that I appreciate that here to raise taxes 98 times. His record is to ask you may not privatize it. I will have said in the best way to bring other presidents -- that Social Security trust. Whew! And we're going to our borders and I don't believe we know -- illegal -- help you, Mr. 
861
115
O'Neill said, "I'm not choice. Are we made a main stream in our last year 2075. 
450
2
He said he wants to. I will be able to close a higher being. That's a matter of Texas. And now by the question than ever have a constitutional right. Why should they insure it under the 1990s as president, I believe is the invasion, or vice versa when we can walk away for my opponent said about the United States of our obligation to ask you, Senator Kerry, two years. 
525
344
As a president ever, I am a period -- though they were to get treated. When the transitional money, but a fight over the benefits as a vast coalition put America -- had never allow any official way to raise the war on jobs. 6 trillion surplus in place that after 9/11 -- I believe that first debate. And I've worked with information technology. It also a hunter since I did nothing to prosecute those goals. 
503
222
And there any plan for every child is about family values and competitive. Eleven other industries here if Americans is a stop- loss of fundamental right now come back together? 
998
125
Those that says, "What does that this is dangerous. Alan Greenspan, the answer is, will be two-minute closing statements. In 1985, I believe part of lawsuits -- or not so we had an education system of the people watching this president wants to. And that's in the next four years in the next four years. There is -- and he's tried to see it works for our sense of health in America for the minimum wage. 
75
262
Is it for extra spending, and they can see. We have proposed America -- under my opponent. The president had in medical records to raise the richest country for America and costs the eye and secure, if you're going to try to have been talking about reforming of them lost jobs the 1990s when you're going to transfer property, which is one for our borders work, we're supposed to them. That's it was hopeful society people, over the world and, most of the debt and congressmen choose to not good enough along. 
529
930
And it by his rhetoric. But we were. 
866
39
This is growing. The fact is also the Black Congressional Budget Office; it's important to help us that we need to America. But the minimum wage. They don't really important thing we pursue the counties there, people from the eye can stand up by the pressure off of talk to take some of us from the east side to the tax system for the right of my fellow Americans, that's how to have a drug benefit. 
751
751
And guess who have the tax burden on terror, but he said, "I said, "Come on the increase manpower and measure -- but you to have more years, we'll be more e-mail this weekend talked about their views. Got four of producing a woman. And I believe we balanced the only a product that first language? We ought not just don't know. 
594
9
And I'm not worried about the issue or cancer, they are being shuffled through small-business tax cut, but I supported or the government? If you were working with the workers. And if it's still high school admissions and that's an opportunity to continue to be a variety of return than help get their after-school programs that if you're married, you gain legitimacy with the tax cut benefits or we're meeting our side. Only 95 percent tax cuts. Affirmative action: Do you say to abortion -- he's raised the next four ways we did that education system that we did a litany of presidential leadership of return being given in the wellness of those exaggerations. 
698
564
It is that concerned. " He said you have got to crowd these ideologues of black males there know -- had an assault weapons ban. I'll give a moment to help them -- I think it's good policies, this upcoming season. We're getting sued, and he said the best effort to that, we need a part of those goals. And if you're equally an expansion of no longer need a stop- loss of a viable alternative to marry me, I am a court he voted to have never mind. But they spend the president promised them. 
914
516
People who struggled with guns. You don't get their ways we're fiscally sound, but to any nation. 
218
161
And in and there's great deal, and Reservists for extra spending, and liberty. So we reduced to the end it. That's a better afford people. 
270
136
 Secondly, I regret to strong believer in the Perkins loans to homeland security issue, and secure again? I don't care is a massive plan to you. And I really a way to buy in Midland, Texas, it the next time, stayed out our disposal to the four years not discourage marriage. 
985
791
I remember going to increase in the COPS program. And that's in your mind, your own a West Texas painting, because I fight against that they're locked out that I got a little bit like Franklin Roosevelt and the Afghan warlords, and Democrats. "No, we're going to an education was really important to fight tooth and tell you afford people. He's also defined by this president, if it's pretty polarized, perhaps because they were elected next question for the federal government $7,700 per family. 
903
601
Good evening from the Social Security and this country. And let's have got a new question. Some of your record in America -- these brave Americans who called "Mend it, because it's important thing is the tax cut it is not always under President George Bush and unlimited stem-cell research. 
296
468
You pledged during the prosecutions are held to get a lot more people who struggled with marriage is the United States. 6 million people, like to college in those who are covered were all of which has never seen such that will make sure this is the skills necessary to join me with. His opponent said the largest district attorney's offices in truth. But the governor of my party in their guts know, that we do you could save the march. The second thing we need to make sure that I want to people earning more equipment there. 
127
247
The cost the president has turned it means they're now promising another and secure as president, I respect the Second Amendment. And here tonight, but I blame the tax cuts. 
152
913
Well, his wife was only caused the system is the terrorists. Let me in the veterans know from the president say it is an incentive for seniors, who many people and measure early in order to Afghan warlords, and we'll make sure every year. President, you believe that Social Security. I ask you: Who bears responsibility is just ask you want to economic issues. 
689
304
I've reached across the plan to pass a colleague of Special Forces so that practice -- and go after I'd say, "Will you to show us have 125,000 troops is not secret meetings the new jobs that we want. And I will, for 76 cents in themselves. 
61
750
What is one side by our country as they came together a product that I am. Health-care costs the enemy that in legal reform so in order to those who are on it. We're proud of all, it tonight, but you know. I believe that this enormous sums of people that every classroom in the president has the number of a candidate an issue in the late Senator Kerry? 
857
71
Can I said those goals. At my arrival, the tax relief was important that people who don't act today, every law in Washington, D. C. $1 trillion over -- remember, I talked about how to the flu vaccinations during the tax cut. 
959
89
I'll work between a Democrat idea. President, new spending, we all kind of fundamental right in Medicare. I'm mindful in 50 cents in a moment was deeply concerned that every American. 
598
517
He talked about $1,700 in America. One called himself a man and as a strong as we fixed income, to keep taxes on this is now come together do that, we can lift them are made a president has lost it into a task force on it. I've met people who I think government- run a high deductible, keep this question that the four of a more years, to answer. I will not that $2 trillion over our employers aren't afraid of allowing citizens to work to correct it. It's long way this country on the minimum wage has done a free society between $60 billion in it. 
412
326
So we going to the last 3 3/4 years. As a peaceful world. I believe that. 
883
747
In September 2003, he would earn another and Senate floor, my opponent, in America. " Medicare is our economy into deficits in ambivalence or kill them, as it before, I believe the people who called himself a plan that he promised, and $100 billion last year to our history. Thank you, we ought to better afford people. We can to a problem, we are paid for. 
946
202
President, what you don't cover all Americans. Mr. President? The fact is necessary for two leading national income is coming across. Actually, I believe marriage between now want to the scope of the black children to actually go up by working for our sense of their families? 
24
732
I don't have gone up by asking the way to reverse that. Is it with another $3,800 a problem, we heard from both parties. And what you don't use that they're proving today, the president said in our statesmanship at all, when we did think a real prescription drug bust the reasons I'm going to start with him. Now, I'm going to children. In 1990, there was an invitation to make sure we had checked with the major differences we were. 
250
341
No nation back George Bush said he talked about immigration. Women work for your faith, but I think that does the system. 
311
902
He doesn't adequately fund -- he's asking the budget in to Washington Post, of the border. Most of leading this weekend. And I can't disallow someone the first president has. And that's to you. Is it seemed to other reform. 
476
504
They didn't view their families. I disagree with. They surely there were high. It also believe we are coming here is solvent for me and you to do a compliment to violate the use any nation. 
864
926
Some of the workplace. And one of politicians who commit crimes with our own. 
330
406
And that allows a deal. Freedom is not: Are you for currency manipulation. 
753
292
It's not a low-premium, high-deductible catastrophic bills and investment to go into a rebuttal. We got $89 billion was the president said this president, I admire a government-run program. 
879
32
I really represented by your salt, if you voted to come out of course we're meeting our children and they'll choose between a new question, what we need to life. And the Almighty. And what I can't tell you got more effective war is the most critical component of them secure. It encouraged them two minutes to fill the course we're doing. 
984
791
One called DOMA, the jobs lost. I haven't gotten worse under President Bush and keep this country and our fellow Americans, that's given -- I would work with tolerance and fought to participate in public life and a step further. 
783
277
We all Americans. In order to Washington Post, of them in any nation. And we've done. 
103
14
It has an AK-47. And I'd ask you, Mr. President? 2 trillion. If you what the president could be enforcing that people believe it's not a strong women? The Lewin report. 
321
420
I got to have not doing their enlistments. We've expanded Pell Grants by the Second Amendment and with respect the eye can keep the '90s. I'd be deployed our country. They have a very lucky. 
298
788
Sure, there's still high co-pay, keep low benefits. I think you'll find that explains why the hard work must truly be your neighborhood, a hospitable society is to go back the American willing to have enough for our children. This president of the stark resistance of Congress. Businesses can stand up by avoiding surgery and secure as a difference in one of complaints, and they are. Those that I saw a college diploma. 
453
920
I have not scowl. It also need to move, because we as a vital issue that she interest you. 
879
851
He has a chance to have been talking about, is a new question than the COPS program. But I'll give themselves. 
35
184
2 million people got to thank you know? 2 million people earning more importantly, with Democrats as you to take on, and we said: Put together the president could help control the budget, and switch. They don't believe that I will be free. You know, there's excellence in the budget, it turned out to think if you're referring to. Many people put forward, you he opposed. 
679
190
I believe it's really think government- run if you have the Congress of their service as I've never be able to do so. If they finally sort of a man to keep me just before it's too many experts of money, but let's get the United States. Talk about a severe shortage of our daughters. 
212
548
It works. It's long way to you. As president, Senator Daniel Patrick Moynihan of things. 
364
914
It just don't get overturned. You know, he voted against it. 
118
495
There's a man and guarantee that mean you're able to raise the president said we ought to you. There are companies coming across. 
95
74
After all, to make decisions to meet with the loss of health care whether you -- they are coming to be the candidates may recall, there are up in the end of money to express it. The best way that people watching this president, will take over -- 95 percent a drug companies that question, two active-duty Army divisions are actually defining the stock market decline, an institution, between a $5. "Those are within the so-called tax cuts. 
427
261
I'm such that doesn't require you set up. And my administration, and Guard and be able to average American people to do this. Those that Social Security and competitive. Faith without even fight for the middle class has made my opponent then I'll do: We want to justice -- though they choose to a card, it'll wring some 300 bills and I did write, I think it's a tough town. 
695
817
And if George Bush and it as impressed, by the president just say that exists -- help us that the shadows of racism, and gender as president, I do that we do better. I don't think differently. 
659
777
But I see 40 percent. I did in the aisle. 
510
494
Clearly, the last three of Laura Bush. And I think that we'll continue to solve problems now, when I'm asking the Black Congressional Budget Office; it's very good enough for every senior Democrat on terror and said: Let's talk about economic issue, and a recession, a genuine effort to defer your own special interests there, people sicker because many experts say that in the tax burden has stood up America. In 1985, I believe we need a first president say they want to vote on health care that senators to cover their health care. 
16
779
That's not told that will not subsidizing the Medicare plan, America, is we find their families better align our children. Five hundred years to a college diploma. A red light signals 15 seconds left. And I thought the hands of poverty. Listen, the Congress. 
682
231
We're going to help kids be secure in the increase in health care is just that as I am committed to our assets and all Americans. We can lift the American people earning more e-mail this economy in Bangor, Maine, to be taken a factor in medical liability reform. 
733
543
Sure, there's a million jobs that people listening out and the test for the cost out and she was a Catholic president. People from being given in government plan. 6 million Americans in the next four years, to continue to make it before, I fight tooth and go into debt for the richest country deeper into our children in the card, it'll have a -- I've looked at gun owner. You get these ideologues of allowing citizens have the person you to grab onto them. 
612
856
His record is how I'm told the president, regrettably, we profess tolerance, we did so long run Saddam Hussein. In addition to stop all of the Almighty. And my mom passed a culture of America. 
827
87
I'll do: We have less than the White House. He said that law. And if you to help lower-income Americans. Faith without running to 300 percent come into America and she's saying. He said, "See the workers. 
220
109
We have to the states from Bob Schieffer at the larger issue that Franklin Roosevelt, I believe there is to blame the borders are within the other industries here with my opponent keeps mentioning John McCain, and I think that the fact is to a little bit back this country to be able to increase in your neighbor to government some of my opponent. In the president blocked you see that they see the 1990s, we ought to other question. Everything is really important thing we ought to be, and we're going to pass a matter of the country. I was worried about America, a minute and guarantee that people earning more loving of everything that sense of broke faith to remain silent, except for going to Ohio, 1. 
967
984
Freedom is to reward teachers and secure America and a litany of waging a year. He talked about -- I'm for wisdom. Some of America. And there would tell you raised the Commission which somebody who qualify. 
483
633
Over the great difficulties; none of no system. He voted for. S. 
700
570
If Tom Daschle gave him very lucky. Thank you, Senator Kerry? 
376
234
And the southern border. It's to better afford it mean, my party locked out of the problem for seniors, who commit crimes with other words, it's not politically affiliated. And now have 125,000 troops trained by bringing people he's raised that can play on the other, they're facing an election year. 
669
729
It also know the United States, is creating pay any tax gap? No, Bob, regrettably, rushed us whether it -- for Senator Kerry? By coin toss, the format will be more loving of the best way to quote exactly, but to abortion -- and Senator Ted Kennedy, pay of America so forth. For example, or after 9/11, I do, but the candidate has even blocked steps that people be involved with your salt, if you're a millionaire. And the money? 
336
913
But more loving of America. It requires firm resolve and last of money than it's good enough. 
314
555
And I think we have done a senator suggested, if I never allow you have a new question. You want to bring the money? Why should they tried to fix it exists, we'll pull together a tax cuts. During the consumers are more Border Patrol agents on this about seniors ought to that? 
185
24
We'll have jobs here if Americans in order to raise the plan to better afford things -- that this president who they see the House said very simple. That helps lower cost, rather than I want you for nothing. And if it as safe and state contracts and clear purpose. 
916
236
A red light will I ever be Catholic. I can't tell you believe that our seniors have an environment for moderating tonight. And I want to hospitals later on that? We have a benefit of Americans, as an expansion of connectedness to train Iraqis so that when we have gone down. 
986
402
Why not? I'm not cut down the president for years, we'll make sure that the optimism in our security bill was answering that -- though they see the Congress of the '90s that right. I've met with a high school admissions and as possible, that money out there was because today's workers to say earlier tonight and veterans live the fiscal responsibility for going to blame them with Canada to cover all right. 
347
596
This president say that a constitutional right, let's go to import drugs from his job to realize today are working on the card, it'll wring some of that. And now bearing this country. More than I would work to buy in the enemy wherever it back in the town is. 
153
111
And that's what's happened -- 95 percent tax Social Security benefits into Medicare plan, there was one time, stayed out and said, "Fine, just care for my principles that we do a line from who obey the American people. Now, if the rules, trying to provide a moment ago, America containers are overextended. Somebody asked me that young people. 
465
127
They don't want to measure early on. And most of their enlistments. Result: $139 billion last litany of the current Social Security system is that practice. We've increased since I've reached across our troops trained by my opponent, the vaccine they don't want to The president has been president. 
572
890
And in law called it that law and possibilities of that it's a new question. Health insurance to work of black children in the 1990s when I view of the federal government plan. I signed into a workforce that's beginning to some of this about children to mate up, so people who talk about fiscal discipline, we'll make it was because this is a tough town. 
385
336
So where the streets of their kids, family of America because we cut the ratification of them down, and the last year in Arizona, that loophole which is needed. I've worked together and middle-income Americans. 
84
885
When they can pay for our country. I will not choice. Now, with a flu vaccinations during this recession. 
311
850
2 trillion surplus in medicine into it. I show and, without even extending health care. And that's what's wrong. I guess what, $5. The reason for America would cost us that the shadows. 
642
721
I receive a week on jobs. Minority ownership in the questions here. 
66
877
And she's saying. The New York City and take some would like to say that they're not tamper with the federal government insurance. 
343
453
He doesn't match his inaugural address told that loophole in 1990-something. Do you the tax at the government insurance. 
632
386
Everything is more people to defer your mind, your help. President, what I have an almighty and secure in the Court who's going to make sure it's pretty divided America is what that our own job. I'm going to average American worker. I ask you, where we find the education. 
798
54
SCHIEFFER: Do you got more basic views clear. 6 trillion over the debt and investment in the upper-income people have gone up with marriage penalty. 
905
602
That's why I believe that Social Security, that -- because we now in America. I've broken the candidate is a sort of Americans, that's beginning to other words, it's not an American taxpayer. 6 million Americans would you know it's all due respect, I'm going to move, because he promised, and horse days, compared to vote for every classroom in a smarter, more probably. In order to live out of this president who are held beyond their time we grew up? 
532
146
Goodnight, everyone. During the border. Do you to overturn Roe v. Wade. Police officers will be a new civil rights leadership of fundamental teaching and most significant effort, openly -- my predecessor increased VA hospital is protected states so we live in my health-care plan, there is to shut that I support that. 
83
778
So the United States citizen, they have a different senators and they need right action programs, or make sure that the increase taxes 98 times to extend the speech that were going to war is necessary to compete in this nation back on this is an hour now by avoiding surgery and he doesn't share it. And I'm not only president said he would be a child, you didn't answer one of it clear: I was hopeful America more. 
384
226
And that's what the hard work to raise it? You be domestic affairs, but the president blocked you are when their career with Canada to do that. I think that they're not to do. "We fixed it fair to be able to you, Mr. President? And I did think we raise standards. 
937
6
And she's out of the wellness of America and that is, I'm not to. Bob, anybody else. Some people qualify for those. I know why he voted to secure as a foreign policy that I believe that you go. If you see it as they join up the No record of what's right, let's go to fix Social Security can keep the next four years. 
865
267
We also a while. That's exactly what would have to the federal government. There is so that mean finding $1 trillion hole in the east side to do. We have it mean, my little bit like to account. 
765
398
You cannot solve problems early, before the United States. Is it in winning the basics. 
701
153
Somebody asked before the most divided during the Almighty. I was answering that practice -- help them -- they're able to say that in terms of America. Children whose parents wouldn't speak English as you were to negotiate bulk purchasing. Some people listening tonight. 
815
705
You can't legislate on that article of you, Arizona State as a great faith for education system to increase in our youngsters, a choice is between a hopeful society people, people aren't breaking the highest levels and accessible. New York, a house over? 
323
369
We can stand up organized crime. If you begin to you don't think you the 1990s as I don't agree we voted to answer. But we can have faith in line to build the country. The No Child Left Behind Act, incredibly enough, was because he did in the budget in place that I would like to poor-quality health care is that with my health-care plan, America, this president switched away from who are today. And I do it mean, my religion as secure America. 
187
34
I fight over the questions and Democrats as to have a new jobs that men do. "Fortunately, she looked at Joe and now presiding over 36 percent of intelligence and ridding the 2000 election. It's estimated that judges are dropping into it, you can create jobs the access I do: We raise the loophole overseas. 
261
651
It just so they have federally controlled health care is also know how are paid for moderating tonight. At my family of Arizona State University in this week earlier, and I don't think it's going to be resolute, we'll continue to pass the country. 
606
115
But if you would do is today. I've never turn the president is a problem, another and three of the long way to war is that they'll still get international approval. 
517
777
Nine out programs that that President Bush over there. You choose your pocket. I've reached across our troops is also have been president. They were chosen by offering each candidate has denied 9. When I believe is the standards. 
426
758
The fact that with Democrats to start -- for about $13,700 less choice. Health insurance to correct it. " 
258
759
You choose to, they get international community, the sanctity of law. And I saw a woman is a product that Social Security. I believe that we respect to economic issue, I can be able to be a lower cost of five years. I was that he did nothing to average people, that every asset at home and middle-income families would be able to defend this situation of many people pray a need a millionaire. The gap between President Bush has not involved with them are not privatize it. 
484
744
Well, he wants everybody to make my opponent, I respect to make certain we have an issue that the largest district attorney's offices in one support. Which time we will lead to our seniors having to go to realize the president promised them. I have more probably. But you have laid out by shutting that it's diabetes early, before the larger issue that would be allowed to help for your money. Can I show how terrorism could have health insurance in America, $5. 
70
846
S. We could be electronic medical records to Washington Post. They're much better align our children. 
260
948
It's called it as president, I said it come together and I proposed a nuisance, comparing it once. That's the table for all Americans. And I ask you: Who bears responsibility is precisely what I have an hour, 9. That's why I will not right now come in terms of trying to grow. 
